THE CATALOGUE OF UNIVERSES
  The Catalogue of Universes is a list of realities (genre specific RPG 
settings) for the Torg roleplaying game known to the alt.games.torg 
newsgroup and Torg mailing list. It is also a directory of those publicly 
available - whether through products published by West End Games (the 
original creators) or from the various archive sites.

  The items listed in this document are all copyright their original 
owners or creators. This document is copyright 1997 Saxon Brenton. 
Permission is given for the public distribution and archiving of this 
document for non-profit purposes.

  The Catalogue of Universes is posted extremely irregularly. This edition 
posted 24th June 1997. Last edition posted November 1995.

CONTENTS:
A) INTRODUCTION
  i) DIRECTIONS FOR USE
  ii) COSMOLOGY AND GLOSSARY
B) REALITY LISTINGS
  i) MAINSTREAM REALITIES
  ii) DETAILED REALITIES
  iii) SUMMARISED REALITIES


A) INTRODUCTION

A) i) DIRECTIONS FOR USE

  Each reality has an entry which includes a brief summary of its genre, 
its axioms and world laws, and where it can be found. Other pertinent 
information may also be included. They are broken into 3 groups: 
  * Mainstream realities officially put out by the publisher/licence 
holder (WEG or OGP). These figure - to a greater or lesser extent - in 
the 'mainstream' Torg campaign run by the publisher. Thus, events 
occurring in these realities are factored into the aggregate direction of 
the Infiniverse.
  * Non-officially published realities that are detailed (have a 
    workable amount of information available), and 
  * Summarised realities that have been detailed briefly (including 
    sketches, and brief previews).
  Within those bounds each reality will usually be noted as a cosm 
(actually, the 'core reality' of a cosm), or a pocket dimension and/or a 
fringe reality of a cosm. If its status is unknown it will just be noted 
as a reality and left at that. Some invaders do not conduct raids from 
their home cosm, in which case their current base of operations is 
noted, if known.

  Caveat: Some of the realities listed here no longer exist. There are a 
variety of possible reasons, which can be divided up into two main types: 
external to Torg and internal.
  External reasons are simply due to the changeover of the Torg licence 
to Omni Gaming Products. When OGP took over management, they chose to 
rationalise some of the elements that had developed during WEG's 
stewardship. For example, the Land Below is a pocket dimensional fringe 
reality of Core Earth composed of solid rock with some hollow pockets. 
Some of these pockets, called Domed Worlds, were revealed to have their 
own realities, even though this contradicted the basic principles of 
known reality mechanics. Much time and effort and worry was spent by the 
newsgroup trying to reconcile this discrepancy. In the end OGP took care 
of the problem by simply retconning these Domed Worlds (Arachnidia and 
Gehenna) out of existence; their presence is no longer canon. Great 
relief was experienced when this happened, even if it did mean that 
Smooge's classic Silly Putty Land Below interpretation was now 
redundant. :-)  Similarly, Pulse's cosm (which had only really ever been 
hinted at), and the revelation that the reality of Kantovia had been 
recreated in a pocket dimension by the former Aztec Darkness Device, 
have both been invalidated.
  Internal to the Torg mythos there are also some realities that no 
longer exist, but this is because those realities have been destroyed in 
some way. These include the Aztec Empire, and pre-Tech Surge Magna 
Verita. However, various ways of keeping examples of these have been 
suggested. A pocket dimension may hold a remnant copy of the reality (a 
method suggested for the Aztec Empire), or individual possibility-rated 
people may retain the reality (as is the case for Magna Verita). In some 
cases the reality may be recreated by use of a Darkness Device (as 
Lereholm has been, and Kantovia/Gorhagah was in the WEG interpretation).



  Copies of the listed realities are available from varying sources. Among 
the officially published realities, the original seven realities are 
described to some extent in the Worldbook in the Torg boxed set. Basic 
background information is provided, and some have their world laws 
defined. Both axiom limits and reconnection numbers are given separately 
in both the Rulebook and the Adventure Book in the boxed set, although 
for the reconnection tables the numbers were reversed. Corrected versions 
appeared in _Infiniverse Newsletter_ vol 1 #30 and _Infiniverse Update_ 
#2 (except for reversed numbers for Atlantis, Avalon, and the Aztec 
Empire).
  The realities of major importance to the mainstream TORG campaign or 
those that are most popular also tend get their own sourcebooks. They are 
usually cosms. In most cases the names of the sourcebooks are identical 
to the realities they describe; in cases where this is not so the name of 
the sourcebook is given in parenthesis.
  The realities that do not have sourcebooks are usually pocket 
dimensions/fringe realities. Some have been printed in Infiniverse 
Newsletter, and most have been (re)printed on one of the three 
Infiniverse Updates.

  The non-official realities must be accessed from sources almost as 
diverse. Up until recently (Feb 1996) this had not necessarily been the 
case, but at that time the listserver that supports the Torg mailing list 
moved address, and most of the archives vanished into the net.ether. 
Since then archiving has become decentralised and, well, spotty.
  A considerable amount of old archives in monthly conglomerations up to 
August 1992 are still retained at the Morticia site, which was at one 
time the home of the mailing list and official archive site, at:
          morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg/
Morticia also contains a few individually archived files.

  Current posts are being archived at Reference.com, at:
          http://www.reference.com

  There are many other Torg sites. I suggest tracing them by first going 
to Kansas Jim's Torg webpage link's page at:
          http://www.nrao.edu/~jogle/TORG/links.htm

  Of the ones that directly relate to the archiving of cosms, these 
include:
          http://www.empire.net:80/~sgorton/gaming/babylon5.torg
          http://www.freenet.uk.com/homepages/jfield/Torg/torg.html
          http://members.tripod.com/~armstrr/torg1.html
          ftp.io.com/pub/tekumel/rules/Torg/
          ftp.cs.pdx.edu/pub/frp/torg/
          ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/
  The latter is Smooge's Smoogespace archive, and while it may only be 
around for a short while more, at the time of posting it contains the 
largest collection of realities.

  Up until the loss of the old archives it was perhaps useful to remember 
that, when rummaging through the archived monthly posts, that there may 
be responses to the article that may or may not prove enlightening. This 
may still be useful if using the monthly archives still kept at morticia.

  Among the non-official realities are also included some alternate or 
reinterpreted versions of official realities. These range from world laws 
to entire realities. Some of these are necessary (e.g., the Living Land 
world laws were only loosely presented in the sourcebook), while others 
are a matter of personal taste. Those that are noted as reinterpretations 
are variations to a greater or lesser extent on officially published 
information. Those that are alternates resemble their original only in 
basic concept, then go off on a tangent.


A) ii) COSMOLOGY AND GLOSSARY

  The basic cosmology for the Torg Infiniverse may be gleaned from the 
following sources:
  "A _cosm_ is an entire universe which was, at the time of its creation, 
physically separate from every other cosm (meaning that there is no purely 
physical way to travel from cosm to cosm). Most cosms are separated in 
other ways as well. Most cosms have realities which are at least a little 
different from one another; some are drastically different." [_Torg 
Rulebook_, p. 82]
  "When a High Lord invades a cosm, a Maelstrom Bridge tears through time, 
space, and reality to connect the two cosms. The area bounded by the 
stelae ultimately becomes the High Lord's realm. The _realm_ is that part 


of the invaded cosm whose laws are changed by the High Lord." [_Torg 
Rulebook_, p. 83]
  "Aysle mages believe that every cosm contains extradimensional pockets 
that are separate from the cosm but are not quite part of another cosm. 
These pockets may be travelled to via an _extradimensional gate_." [_Torg 
Rulebook_, p. 117]
  "On the edges of each cosm lie the fringe realities. They are the home 
of realities once part of the cosm, but now separate. The legends of a 
cosm are the reality of the fringe realms, still alive despite those who 
no longer believe in "fairy tales" and myths of the past. Each fringe 
reality has its own reality, with axioms and world laws. However, each 
one is also forever tied to its cosm of origin.
  "Earth's fringe realities are numerous [...] Many fringe realms were 
directly connected to Earth at some point. Some of them, like the Dream 
Time, can still be accessed by those with the right knowledge or tools." 
[_Land Below_, p. 6]
  "Our own cosm is just one of a multitude of dimensions that, together, 
form what I refer to as the cosmverse." [_Storm Knights_, p. 26]
  "Each gamemaster is assumed to be running her campaign in a cosmverse 
which is exclusive to her campaign. Her Nile Empire is in a different 
cosmverse that the Nile Empire being run by her friend, also different 
from the Nile Empire being run by another gamemaster a thousand miles 
away. However, all three are still part of the Infiniverse." [_Infiniverse 
Newsletter_ vol 1 #1, p. 2]
  "It was one of the similarities that her [Dr. Hachi Mara-Two's] 
calculations had suggested, the two cosms where the laws of reality 
overlapped. It was these types of dimensions that were closest to each 
other, where the boundary of the cosmverse was most fragile." [_Storm 
Knights_, p. 34]

  Using that as a basis, and with only a tiny bit of extrapolation, the 
following glossary of terms is used in this FAQ:
COSM: A multidimensional universe composed of one 'core reality' and 
a varying number of fringe realities/pocket dimensions.
CORE REALITY: [Non-official term coined for this FAQ] The main reality of 
a cosm. Usually the core reality is synonymous with the cosm as a whole, 
since the two often share the same name.
FRINGE REALITY: A reality different from the core reality of a cosm, but 
remaining part of the same cosm. Fringe realities often evolve to occupy 
dimensions physically separate from the core reality or may have been 
physically separate from the start. Often used synonymously with pocket 
dimension since such separate realities are often in dimensions different 
to that of the core reality. Note, however, that not all fringe realities 
necessarily have to be in pocket dimensions separate from the core 
reality - they may constitute a realm, although it seems likely that 
eventually they would be eroded and re-absorbed by the core reality.
POCKET DIMENSION: A dimension that is part of a cosm, but physically 
separate from the dimension of the cosm's core reality. Often used 
synonymously with fringe reality, since such separate dimensions often 
contain realities different to that of the core reality. Note, however, 
that not all pocket dimensions necessarily have to contain fringe 
realities - they may have the same reality as the core reality (e.g., 
Orrorshan Waiting Villages), although it seems likely that eventually 
they would either evolve their own distinct reality or possibly be 
absorbed by the core reality.
REALM: An area of a dimension where another reality has intruded and 
displaced (in part or in whole) the original reality. Realms may be 
artificially imposed (through stelae or reality trees) or may result 
from leakage of one reality into another (e.g., the Land Above).
DOMED WORLD: The Land Below occupies a dimension consisting of solid 
rock riddled with caves and other larger openings. WEG revealed that 
individual domed worlds within the Land Below have different realities, 
technically making them realms. It's currently unclear if these realms 
are naturally occurring in spite of the reality of the rest of the Land 
Below, or if they were created by mirroring other realities they came in 
contact with. OGP has ruled that the presence of these additional 
realities was unfounded rumour.
COSMVERSE: A collection of cosms. Each cosmverse corresponds to the 
campaign setting of a Torg GM.
INFINIVERSE: The total of all Torg cosmverses.


B) LISTINGS OF REALITIES

B) i) MAINSTREAM PUBLISHED REALITIES:

ARACHNIDIA - Insect reality, current home of the ustanah. Domed world 
  of the Land Below pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core Earth. 
  Non-human PC race: ustanah. 
_Infiniverse Newsletter_ vol 1 #40, reprint in _Wars End_ module.
Non-canon in the OGP Torg campaign.
Magic 12     Social 8     Spirit 17     Tech 10
Law of Cooperation. +1 bonus if 2+ characters working towards common 
  goal.
Law of the Hive. +2 bonus to actions that defend the hive.

ATLANTIS - Reality of water breathing humanoids. Pocket dimensional 
  fringe reality of Core Earth. Technically non-human PC race: atlantean. 
_Infiniverse Update_ #2.
Magic 10     Social 10     Spirit 13     Tech 19
Law of Artifacts. Atlantean artefacts of up to Tech 26 may be used 
  without contradiction.
Law of Prophecy. Prophecies made by seers of the god Talumnor will come 
  true; +1 bonus to actions aiding success of such a prophecy.

AVALON - Arthurian reality, with King Arthur. Pocket dimensional fringe 
  reality of Core Earth.
_Infiniverse Update_ #2.
In the WEG Torg campaign the links between Avalon and the Aysle realm 
  had been severed by Ardinay, avatar of the Nameless One.
Magic 17     Social 12     Spirit 19     Tech 15
Law of Chivalry. Honour and Corruption skills same as Aysle; no patchwork 
  realm effects; 4+ Honour adds earns 1 divine intervention per Act 
  through prayer.
Law of Right Makes Might. 7+ Honour adds (indicating purity of heart) 
  gains use of 1 Up condition per Act; pure of heart are targeted by 
  Dark forces; loss of Honour adds by not opposing evil.
Law of Legends. Stories come true if believed in; Martyr subplot earns 
  minimum +1 bonus in final adventure.

AYSLE - Fantasy reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. 
  Invading reality with a realm on Core Earth. Non-human PC races: 
  dwarves, elves, giants.
Described in _Torg Worldbook_; has its own sourcebook. 
Magic 18     Social 18     Spirit 16     Tech 15
Law of Observation. Anything which can be perceived is real.
Law of Magic. Characters born with one magic skill and arcane knowledge.
Law of Honor. Good and honour reflected in appearance; allows Honour skill.
Law of Corruption. Evil and corruption reflected in appearance; allows 
  Corruption skill.

AZTEC EMPIRE - Pre-Columbian Aztec reality. Previously a realm, no 
  longer officially extant. Had a Darkness Device. This invading reality 
  tried, and failed, to re-establish itself on Core Earth in the adventure 
  module _High Lord of Earth_.
_Infiniverse Newsletter_ vol 1 #23, reprinted _Infiniverse Update_ #2.
Magic 14     Social 20     Spirit 17     Tech 16
Law of Sacrifice. Sacrifice in prescribed manner grants Up condition 
  (duration varies with nature of sacrifice).
Law of Divine Will. Once will of gods is known by believer in Aztec 
  pantheon, +2 bonus to actions supporting their will, -2 penalty to 
  actions opposing it.
Law of Conquest. Warlike nature to society; society must engage in battle 
  within 3 months; individuals must engage in battle in number of days 
  equal to Reality or Spirit value.

CARTOON COSM - Cartoon reality. An April Fool's joke that got out of 
  hand. Reputed to have *lots* of Darkness Devices. Pocket dimensional 
  fringe reality of Core Earth.
_Infiniverse Newsletter_ vol 1 #22, extended reprint in _Infiniverse 
  Update_ #2.
Magic 33     Social ?     Spirit 0     Tech 42
Law of Darkness Devices. All cartoons have their own DD; total partial 
  invulnerability; dramatic stings for use of phrase "Darkness Device".
Law of Humor. That which is funny, works.

CORE EARTH - The Torg version of Earth, tends to be a cinematic version. 
  Cosm described in _Torg Worldbook_; has its own sourcebook (_The Delphi 
  Council Worldbook_).
Magic 7     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 23
Law of Prodigy. Starting characters can buy prodigy package (start with 
  6 adds in tag skill) for 3 possibilities.
Law of Hope. Ords not from CE decrease difficulty numbers on 
  Transformation Table by one step.
Law of Glory. +2 bonus to CE characters for Persuasion when planting 
  story seed.

CYBERPAPACY - Cyberreligious reality; cyberpunk meets the French 
  Inquisition. Home cosm called Magna Verita. Has a Darkness Device and 
  High Lord. An invading reality with a realm on Core Earth.
Described in _Torg Worldbook_; has its own sourcebook.
Magic 10     Social 18     Spirit 14     Tech 26
Law of Heretical Magic. +3 penalty to spell difficulty and backlash; if 
  backlash other than just shock points, demon attempts possession; +5 
  bonus to effect if spell succeeds.
Law of the One True God. Increase difficulty for other religions' miracles.
Law of Ordeal. Must prove innocence through trial by ordeal if accused 
  by a priest.
Law of Suspicion. +3 bonus to Willpower and Mind when resisting Charm or 
  Persuasion (only +1 if attempting character has proof of ID); +3 bonus 
  to Taunt or Intimidate.

GEHENNA - Horror reality. Domed world of the Land Below pocket 
  dimensional fringe reality of Core Earth.
_Infiniverse Update_ #3.
Non-canon in the OGP Torg campaign.
Magic 12     Social 8     Spirit 17     Tech 10
Law of Fear. Variant of Orrorshan PoFear; no Perseverance; when 
  confronting Horrors make Willpower roll.
Law of Despair. Make daily Willpower roll against DN 12 or lose 1 
  Willpower/Mind add.
Law of Threatening Targets. Horrors attack person most able to 
  administer Horror's True Death.

KANTOVIA - Reality of primitive shapeshifters, most notably dire wolves. 
  Cosm. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. Original core reality called 
  Gorhagah, renamed Kantovia, now destroyed. Currently based out of pocket 
  dimension fringe reality of cosm of Kantovia with same name.
_Infiniverse Update_ #3.
In the OGP Torg campaign the recreation of this reality is non-canon. 
  It remains unknown if the following description even accurately 
  represents the original Kantovian reality.
Magic 10     Social 6     Spirit 18     Tech 4
Law of Survival of the Fittest. When opponents contest (interaction or 
  combat) the individual with greater number of relevant skill adds gains 
  +2 bonus.
Law of Nature. +2 bonus for use of natural tools or gaining basic needs.
Law of the Pack. Variant many-on-one bonus for 4+ people working together.

LAND BELOW - Primitive, centre of the world style adventure reality. 
  Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core Earth with a realm on Core 
  Earth (the Land Above). Non-human PC races: keefee (Merretika) [LB SB], 
  serpentor (?) [Infin. Up. 2], ustanah (Arachnidia) [Infin. N. v1 #40]. 
Has its own sourcebook.
In the WEG Torg campaign there had arisen the question of whether the 
  reality described in the Land Below sourcebook actually covers all (or 
  even most) of the Land Below pocket dimension. The discovery of different 
  realities in the domed worlds of Arachnidia and Gehenna may imply that 
  this reality only applies to the domed world of Merretika. In the OGP 
  Torg campaign the reality in the LB SB is the only one.
Magic 12     Social 8     Spirit 17     Tech 10
Law of Savagery. May only use Drama or Hero cards during combat for 
  physical attacks or to reduce damage; if Attack is approved action, 
  only get card if all-out attack is used; one extra possibility at end 
  of each Act if Romance subplot played; +3 bonus to Charisma tests 
  involving opposite sex.
Law of Action. Can spend 2 possibilities on actions and choose either 
  result.
Law of Wonders. Use Engineering to construct buildings which exceed 
  Tech axiom.
also: pulp powers.

LEREHOLM - Primitive, ice age matriarchal reality. Pocket dimensional 
  fringe reality of Orrorsh (parent cosm unspecified). A recreation of 
  the home world of one of the Nightmares as a present from the Gaunt Man. 
_Infiniverse Newsletter_ vol 1 #39, reprinted _Infiniverse Update_ #3.
Magic 11     Social 6     Spirit 12     Tech 4
Law of Community. +1 bonus if 10+ members of a community are working 
  together.
Law of Matriarchy. +1 bonus for females.

LIVING LAND - Primitive, prehistoric reality. Home cosm called Takta Ker. 
  Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. An invading reality with a realm on 
  Core Earth. Non-human PC races: edeinos, stalengers.
Described in _Torg Worldbook_; has its own sourcebook.
The Living Land sourcebook was the first one published, and the 
  presentation of its world laws is very loose compared to latter 
  sourcebooks. The names of its world laws come from the summary of all 
  the realms' world laws in _Infiniverse Newsletter_ vol 1 #30, reprinted 
  _Infiniverse Update_ #2. Additionally, reinterpretations of its world 
  laws are available in the archives.
Magic 0     Social 7     Spirit 24     Tech 7
Deep Mist. Visibility reduced; easy to become lost.
Lanala's Love of Life. Live for the moment; dead things decay rapidly.
Law of Lost Valuables. Living beings will be separated from their 
  non-living possessions.

MAGNA VERITA - Pre-Tech Surge Cyberpapal reality. Not to be confused 
  with the home cosm of the Cyberpapacy of the same name, this reality is 
  what the Cyberpapacy was like when it was still Tech 15.
Mentioned, with reconnection numbers, in _Infiniverse Newsletter_ vol 1 
  #9 and _The Storm Knights' Guide to the Possibility Wars_, p. 58.
Magic 10     Social 18     Spirit 14     Tech 15
Law of Heretical Magic. Same as Cyberpapacy.
Law of the One True God. Same as Cyberpapacy.
Law of Ordeal. Same as Cyberpapacy.
Law of Suspicion. Same as Cyberpapacy.

NILE EMPIRE - Pulp reality, 1930s/ancient Egyptian mix. Has a Darkness 
  Device and High Lord. An invading reality with a realm on Core Earth. 
Based out of pocket dimension of Khem.
Described in _Torg Worldbook_; has its own sourcebook.


Magic 12     Social 20     Spirit 17     Tech 21
Law of Action. Can spend 2 possibilities on actions and choose either 
  result.
Law of Morality. Good or Evil only; neutral actions a one-case 
  contradiction; lose 1 possibility if action against Inclination; 
  Inclination abilities: Detect Inclination, Inclination Seduction; 
  The Price of Evil.
Law of Drama. Adventures move at dramatic, breakneck pace; obstacle 
  piling.
also: Weird Science. Tech 33; pulp powers.

NIPPON TECH - Megacorporate intrigue reality, cyberpunk without the 
  cyber. Home cosm called Marketplace, originally called Gokuraku. Has a 
  Darkness Device and High Lord. An invading reality with a realm on Core 
  Earth.
Described in _Torg Worldbook_; has its own sourcebook.
Magic 2     Social 22     Spirit 8     Tech 24
Law of Intrigue. +3 bonus to Stealth and Perception checks against 
  Stealth; +3 bonus to Charm and Persuasion based on lies/deception; +3 
  to Persuasion for bribes; reduce Perception success by 1 level against 
  Disguise; traitors in large groups.
Law of Profit. Goods and services cost less to those of means.
Law of Vengeance. Receive 6 possibilities at end of Act in which 
  vengeance is exacted.

OLYMPUS - Classical Greek reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of 
  Core Earth.
_Infiniverse Newsletter_ vol 1 #37, reprinted _Infiniverse Update_ #3.
Magic 15     Social 10     Spirit 14     Tech 11
Law of Humanity. -1 bonus to DN for humans.
Law of Beauty. +1 bonus to Charisma-based actions if have high 
  Charisma (Charisma 11+).

ORRORSH - Horror reality. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. An 
  invading reality with a realm on Core Earth. Technically non-human PC 
  types: werewolf, living vampire. Currently based out of cosm of Gaea.
Described in _Torg Worldbook_; has its own sourcebook.
Magic 15     Social 20     Spirit 17     Tech 19
Power of Fear. Until PoFear is overcome may not invoke reality storm or 
  play for critical moment; Perseverance.
Power of Corruption. Wicked acts lead to Corruption.
Law of Eternal Corruption. Monster reincarnated if not killed by True Death.
also: Occult. Magic 20; standard magic a contradiction.

PULSE'S COSM - Has a High Lord and presumably a Darkness Device. Has 
  access to the dimension of The Deep which also contains the Cyberpapal 
  Godnet.
_Infiniverse Update_ #3.
Non-canon in the OGP Torg campaign.
Magic 0     Social 28     Spirit 0     Tech 32

STAR SPHERE - Science fiction reality. Cosm. A non-invading reality with 
  a realm on Core Earth. Non-human PC races: akashan, draygaak, gudasko, 
  larendi, lorbaat, other alien races.
Has its own sourcebook (_Space Gods_).
Magic 7     Social 27     Spirit 13     Tech 30
Law of Religious Compatibility. Different religions may work together 
  to perform miracles; no spiritual struggle.
Law of Acceptance. Characters may use own world laws with no 
  contradiction.
Way of Zinatt. Alignment with Aka, Coar, or Zinatt.

TERRA - Pulp reality, 1930s style. This cosm is the Nile Empire's 
  homeworld.
Has its own sourcebook.
Magic 11    Social 21     Spirit 9    Tech 21
Law of Action. Same as Nile Empire
Law of Drama. Same as Nile Empire.
Law of Morality. Essentially same as Nile Empire.
Law of Heroism. Spend cards only on dramatic actions.
also: Weird Science. Tech 31; pulp powers.

THARKOLD - Techno-horror reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device and 
  High Lord. An invading reality with a realm on Core Earth. Non-human PC 
  race: tharkoldu.
Has its own sourcebook.
Magic 12     Social 20     Spirit 17     Tech 26
Law of Ferocity. All-out attack ignores all K, O, KO results; +3 bonus 
  to Intimidation and Taunt bonus numbers; +3 bonus to Willpower or Mind 
  against Charm or Persuasion; no normal surprise; complete surprise = 
  normal surprise.
Law of Pain. Roll again if inflict or receive K, wound, or better.
Law of Domination. Submissive suffers -3 penalty to actions against 
  dominant, +1 bonus to actions aiding dominant; +3 to dominant for 
  Persuasion, Intimidate, Taunt, and Charm on submissive.

TZ'RAVOK - Savage reality. Cosm. Non-human PC race: ravagons.
Has its own sourcebook (_Ravagons_). 
Magic 7     Social 18     Spirit 17     Tech 12
Law of the Most Real. Cannot disconnect if abide by axiom limits.
Law of Survival of the Fittest. Ords use Possibility-Rated column 
  of Combat Results Table.
Law of Transcendence. Can Possibility Rip characters at transcendence.

B) ii) DETAILED REALITIES:
Reminder: follow-ups to the original post may prove useful.

'AD&D' - Munchkin gaming reality. Satire on roleplaying in the AD&D 
  setting. By John Field.
Archived as adnd.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 24th February 1996; Subject line "[TORG:140] AD&D [Satire]".
Magic 20     Social 13     Spirit 19     Tech 14
Law Of Min-Maxing. Min-maxing to get the best deal possible and/or a 
  ludicrously unbalanced character; on-the-spot rules for anal-retentive 
  interpretation of the rules or bizarre leaps of logic in their 
  application.
Law Of Dungeoneering. Most items are a nice standard size in multiples of 
  10 feet; stereotypes abound.
Law Of Amerika. Frequent parallels to late 20th century America, balanced 
  by occasional totally bizarre situations.

ANGEVIN EMPIRE - Fantasy reality. This cosm is an adaptation of Randall 
  Garrett's 'Lord Darcy' series. By Saxon Brenton. 
Archived as angevine.empire.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted November 19th 1993; Subject lines "Lord Darcy, part 2 of 2" and 
"Lord Darcy, part 1 of 2".
Magic 13     Social 18     Spirit 13     Tech 18
Law of Talent. Some people born with one magic add and pulp power like 
  talent, otherwise can never use magic.
Theory of Ethics. Harmful use of magic is 'black' and causes corruption; 
  harder to magically dominate innocents.

ALPHA COSM - Paranoia reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 
  'Paranoia' RPG. By John S. Olson. 
Archived as alpha.cosm.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 31st March 1996; Subject line "[TORG: 416] REPOST: Reality: Alpha 
  Cosm".
Magic 0     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 25
Law of Fear and Ignorance. +5 bonus to Intimidate for those perceived as 
  superiors; +3 bonus to Charm and Persuasion for groveling underlings; 
  everyone has five replacement copies (but not necessarily by cloning); 
  prospect of horrible unforeseen consequences.
Law of Ignorance and Fear. There are many unknown things, many of which 
  are frightening; Experimental Equipment: instead of disconnection for 
  Tech or part-Tech tools, there is chance of Spectacular failure; Secret 
  Societies: 1 extra Possibility reward at end of any Act where orders 
  or goals of one's Society are met; Mutant Power: powers possible in all 
  Alpha Complex citizens with mechanic of pulp powers with no Adventure 
  Cost but at risk of humorous Spectacular failure, non-native miracles, 
  spells and psionic supported as mutant powers with erratic effects 
  determined by Conflict Line on card draws.

ANTEDILUVIA - Reality of monsters and sin from before the biblical 
  Flood. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Magna Verita. By Terence 
  Wynne.
Archived as antediluvia.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 12th November 1994; 
Magic 11     Social 13     Spirit 14     Tech 14
Law of One True God. Same as Cyberpapacy.
Law of Heretical Magic. Same as Cyberpapacy.
Law of Temptation. Make modified Faith total or loose own Faith 
  adds/gain one add in Faith (Children of the Fallen).

BABYLON 5 - This cosm is an adaptation of the 'Babylon 5' series. By Sam 
  Gorton.
Posted 14th December 1994; Subject line "Babylon 5 Torg writeup: first 
  draft".
Extended HTML version at http://www.empire.net:80/~sgorton/gaming/
  babylon5.torg
Magic 7     Social 25     Spirit 10     Tech 30
Law of Epic.
Law of Hope OR Law of Intrigue. (Same as Core Earth/Nipon Tech).
Law of Telepathy.

BALTEREX - Caste reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. 
  Invading reality with a realm on Core Earth. By Daniel Macchia.
Archived as balterex.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 25th June 1994; Subject lines "BALTEREX: PART 1" and "BALTEREX: 
  PART 2".
Magic 20     Social 20     Spirit 20     Tech 27
Law of Castes. Belong to one of four castes; limited use of other castes' 
  skills and equipment; Wish skill.
Law of Psionic Resistance. +15 penalty to DN of Psionic Manipulation; 
  -10 bonus to DN of Psionic Resistance.
Law of Shifting Possibilities. +10 penalty to DN of divining the future; 
  random chance of gaining or losing possibilities at end of adventure.

'BAYWATCH' - T&A beach reality. This pocket dimensional fringe reality of 
  Core Earth is a satire of the 'Baywatch' series. By John Field.
Archived as baywatch.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 7th March 1996; Subject line "[TORG:272] Baywatch [Satire, but 
  seems playable!!]".
Magic 7     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 23
Law Of The Beach. Life is glamorous; minimum Charisma of 10; Setback, 
  Fatigue, Fail etc. cards do not have any effect except for contrived 
  plot devices; other mechanics possible.
Law Of Improbability. No cause, effect, or situation makes total sense.
Law Of Ishoos. Everything is simplisticly moral; all Subplots must be 
  one-dimensional good or bad morality; simplistic portrayal of human 
  nature; all ords either be of a Good or Bad Nature a la the Nile 
  Empire, and p-rateds encouraged to be so too.

BLACK MARBLE WOMBAT'S COSM - Virtual reality. Has a Darkness Device and 
  High Lord. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core Earth. By Saxon 
  Brenton, collected from Stephen Smoogen, Clay Luther, and Dave Oakes. 
Archived as black.marble.wombats.cosm.gz in 
  ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 11th November 1994; Subject line "Everything you never wanted to
know...".
Magic 7     Social 17     Spirit 19     Tech 24
Law of Bad Humor. Obligatory humorous remarks and .sigs.
Law of Summoning. Lose a possibility if you don't reply to a post that 
  questions, quotes, or just mentions you.

BLIGHTWOOD VALES - Melodrama reality. Has a Darkness Device and High 
  Lord. Invading reality. Currently based out of cosm of Erntov. By Saxon 
  Brenton.
Archived as blightwood.vales.gz in 
  ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 9th October 1994; Subject line "Blightwood Vales".
Magic 2     Social 19     Spirit 5     Tech 19
Law of Morality. Essentially same as Terra/Nile Empire.
Law of Melodrama. Dramatic events for possibility-rated people; 
  melodramatic events for everybody; obstacle piling.
Law of Rhetoric. People state moral convictions; any Presence card may be 
  used as Monologue card; Dramatic Stings.

BORDERLAND - Cosmic horror reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 
  'Call of Cthulhu' RPG setting and stories. By John S. Olson.
Archived as borderland.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 31st March 1996; Subject line "[TORG: 418] REPOST: Reality: 
  Borderland".
Magic 5/20     Social 19/24     Spirit 7/33     Tech 20/33
Power of Madness. Beyond certain limits reality becomes incomprehensible 
  to the sane mind; Madness skill; Elder Secrets.

BRIGHSTEPH - Musical reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core 
  Earth. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 4th July 1994 (3rd July); Subject line "Brighsteph, musical fringe 
  reality of CE".
Magic 9     Social 21     Spirit 11     Tech 24
Law of Music. People express themselves in song.
Law of Choreography. Spontaneous song and dance co-ordinated 
  to seem rehearsed.
Law of Inclusion. Recruits additional characters to sing and dance.
Law of Spectacle. World seems larger than life.

BRITTANIA - Victorian super hero reality. Cosm. By John Field.
Archived as brittania.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 7th Mar 1996; Subject line "[TORG:273] Brittania [draft: 
  version 2.0 :]".
First draft posted 5th February 1996; Subject line "MB: *13* New 
  Realities (!)".
Magic 5     Social 18     Spiritual 8     Tech 19
Law Of Stiff Upper Lip. Retaining composure gets better results than 
  getting emotional; -2 penalty for actions when composure is lost; other 
  mechanics possible.
Law of England. Natural superiority of Englishmen; non-English p-rated 
  characters are contradictory; -2 penalty for actions of non-English 
  working against Britannic Empire, penalty drops to -1 for non-English 
  generally or English renegades.

CORE EARTH - Alternate world laws for Core Earth. By Bruce Patrick 
  Chapman.
Posted 31st January 1993; Subject line "Patrick Chapman's Core Earth 
  world laws (TM)".
Law of Science. Science skill allows for discovery of given fact or method.
Law of Coincidence. Good and bad things may happen that are unrelated 
  to the plot.

CORE EARTH - Alternate world laws for Core Earth. By Michael Schmal. 
Posted 25th November 1993; Subject line "Alternative Core Earth World 
  Laws".
Law of Possibilities. P-rated characters gain 1 possibility per Dramatic 
  scene to be used during that scene; chance to retcon disconnection away.
Law of Initiative. Spend a possibility to Seize Initiative as per the Card.

CORE EARTH - Alternate world laws for Core Earth. By Jasyn Jones.
Posted 28th June 1996; Subject line "[TORG:2309] Earth: The World of 
  Possibilities".
Law of Possibilities. P-rated CErs always have access to their WLs; 
  P-rateds who spend a possibility on a roll get a +1 bonus to final total.
Law of Prodigy. Can buy Prodigy package; once during career CErs can 
  learn 1 skill from non-native reality at native cost.
Law of Faith. Can convert to another Faith skill with no loss in skill 
  adds; gain additional Critical Moment per adventure.

CORE EARTH Alternate world laws for Core Earth. By Kansas Jim.
HTML version at http://www.nrao.edu/~jogle/Torg/ce-wls.html
Posted 3rd May 1997; Subject line "[TORG] Core Earth WLs".
Law of Resolve. Tenacity of CEers; +3 bonus to Willpower (or equivalent) 
  when defending their beliefs; Ords not from CE decrease difficulty 
  numbers on Transformation Table by one step; CE P-rateds get an extra 
  add in Reality skill; characters may have one extra card in hands, and 
  play one card into pools immediately; increased number of P-rateds 
  produced by cosm.
Law of Imagination. People can envision things beyond their reality; CE 
  mainly dominant zones; axioms can be altered rapidly, and by a minority 
  of inhabitants; some people are readily susceptible to transformation.
Law of Glory. +2 bonus to CE characters for Persuasion when planting 
  story seed (+4 if CEer played the Glory card); Starting characters can 
  buy prodigy package (start with 6 adds in tag skill) for 3 possibilities.

CROSSROADS - Cynosurian bar reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of 
  Core Earth. By Kevin D Karty.
Archived as crossroads.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 17th December 1994; Subject line "Crossroads".
Magic 7     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech [21]
Law of Strangeness. Strange things happen.
Law of Archetypes. Regular, but low key, visits by anthropomorphic 
  personifications.
Law of Juxtaposition. Juxtapositions and contradictory truths abound; all 
  realities function equally.

CYBERTRON - Adaptation of 'Transformers' cartoons. Cosm. By Dan Macchia.
Archived as cybertron.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 24th January 1995; Subject line "Transformers reality--Cybertron".
V.2 posted 12th July 1996; Subject line "[TORG:2433] Cybertron repost".
Magic 4     Social 23     Spirit 10     Tech 32
Law of Energon. Some raw energy sources may be transformed into 
  Possibility energy.
Law of Robotic Survival. Transformers protected against certain types of 
  disconnection; Transformers may regain Cybertron reality without reality 
  storm by means of energon infusion.
Law of Energon. Conversion of normal energy sources into Possibility 
  energy via energo cubes.
Law of Allegiance. Three factions - Autobots, Decepticons, Quintessons; 
  +2 bonus for actions in support of group code, -3 penalty for actions 
  against code.

DEMI-PLANE OF CUSTARD - Custard themed fantasy reality. Pocket 
  dimensional fringe reality of Melfinlar. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 9th April 1997; Subject line "[TORG] Demi-Plane of Custard 
  (Pocket Dimension - Long)".
Magic 16     Social 11     Spirit 14     Tech 13
Law of Ubiquitous Custard. All things must be at least slightly custard 
  related or risk contradiction.
Law of Custard Gravity. Custard that gets into the top half of the 
  dimension tends to stay there. Gravity functions only within a small 
  distance of changes between states of solid, liquid, gas, and plasma.
Law of Alignment. Simulates AD&D style alignments of Good, Evil, Law, 
  Chaos, and Neutrality.

DEMON DIMENSION - Demon homeworlds. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of 
  Aysle. By Jim Ogle. 
Posted 1st June 1994; Subject line "Demon Dimension".
Magic 22     Social 11     Spirit 2     Tech 12
Law of Magic. Attribute levels of 18; innate magical abilities for demons.
Law of the Planes. Different dimensions share same reality; concentration 
  on a thing or person to find it.
Law of Summoning. Summoning of demons made irresistible; True Names; 
  +1 bonus to deceptions.

DESPAYRE - Despairing reality. Cosm. Had a Darkness Device (it suicided). 
  By Johnny Nugnug (William C Roeben).
Archived as despayre.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 4th March 1996; Subject line "[TORG:224] New Reality: DESPAYRE".
Magic 0     Social 21     Spirit 0     Tech 23
Law of Bitter Knowledge. Supports concept god at Spirit 0, and that there 
  is no such being.
Law of Barren Dessication. Only 1 Possibility in entire reality and no 
  p-rateds; non-native p-rateds lose Possibilities at rate of 1 per half 
  hour; excess Possibilities sucked off and destroyed.
Law of Despair. Non-natives who disconnect must reconnect quickly or 
  attempt suicide.
Law of Bitter Pleasure. Birth rate kept stable by all sex leading to 
  pregnancy; rapid maturity.

DISCWORLD - Fantasy reality. This cosm is an adaptation of Terry 
  Pratchett's 'Discworld' series of novels. Non-human PC races: dwarfs, 
  elves, gnomes, trolls. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject lines: "[TORG:1519] Discworld 1 of 4", 
  "[TORG:1521] Discworld 2 of 4", "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4", 
  "[TORG:1524] Discworld 4 of 4".
Magic 19     Social 20     Spirit 22     Tech 16
Law of Chaotic Whimsy. GM can break rules for a good joke; general 
  weirdness.
Law of Resonances. Situations and places reminiscent of other worlds; 
  reality is Dominant rather than Pure.
Law of Conservation of Reality. +3 penalty to general magic use, +3 
  penalty for non-Impressed magic use; no magical enhancement packages.
Law of Belief. Gods and anthropomorphic personifications dependent on 
  belief; latter don't need support from Magic axiom.

DREAMTIME - Mystical reality. This pocket dimensional fringe reality of 
  Core Earth is based on the reality seen briefly in the novels _Storm 
  Knights_, _The Dark Realm_, and _Nightmare Dream_. By Bruce Patrick 
  Chapman.
Posted April 3rd 1994 (March 31st 1994); Subject line "Dreamtime -test 
  cosm".
Magic special     Social 21     Spirit 20     Tech special
Law of Being a Basically Spiritual Place. Use of magic and tech that 
  isn't contradictory for the character has effect limited to twice 
  character's Spirit.
Law of Being a Mythic Story. In final dramatic scene 2 possibilities may 
  be spent per round.
Law of Being the Collective Myths of Humanity. Glory rolls create a story 
  capable of sparking on area; +3 bonus to Core Earthers' Spirit rolls.

D'YANDI - Fantasy reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 'AD&D' RPG 
  setting. By John S. Olson.
Archived as dyandi.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 31st March 1996; Subject line "Reality: D'Yandi".
Magic 20     Social 14     Spirit 18     Tech 12
Law of Impression. All spells and miracles are Impressed.
Law of Avatars. All gods have avatars, which if killed take 1 month to 
  regrow.
Law of Careers. Four careers of Hero, Knave, Mystic, and Divine, with 
  corresponding limits on skill and item use.
Law of Ruins. Maintains a constant number of secret places filled with 
  monsters and treasure.

ENDLESS SANDS - Arabian Nights reality. Cosm. By Kevin D Karty.
Post 9th January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Endless sands II".
Magic 15     Social 13-15     Spirit 14     Tech 15
Law of Mystery. Mystery (particularly hidden magnificence and ancient 
  treasure) is everywhere; Viziers get +1 to +3 bonus to interactions 
  which  helps their control of political situation; disguised heroes 
  et al get +3 bonus to Disguise.
Law of Allah's Will. Characters get 5 cards when pursuing noble aims, 3 
  when pursuing ignoble ones; 1 Opponent Fails can be used to "escape" 
  once/act if still "pure" (acting as +3 bonus to all actions aiding 
  escape, plus +1 to +3 bonus to approved actions which humiliate villain).
Law of Romance. Increased chances of romance between members of 
  opposite sex; +3 bonus to Charm attempts of opposite sex; +1 bonus to 
  attempts by one lover to assist/rescue another; any subplot may be 
  played as a Romance.

EROSH - Reality of hope against horror. Pocket dimensional fringe reality 
  of Orrorsh (parent cosm unspecified). By Daniel Macchia.
Archived as erosh.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 9th June 1994; Subject line "EROSH REPOST".
Magic 15     Social 20     Spirit 17     Tech 19
Law of Eternal Heroism. Those dedicated to fighting Orrorsh and who die 
  fighting horrors are given new life; True Deaths and weaknesses; can't 
  be transformed or transform others; can't disconnect while in Orrorsh.
Power of Hope. Immunity to Power of Fear; companions get +5 bonus to 
  Orrorshan Perseverance.

EUROPA - Nazi reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. By 
  Saxon Brenton. 
Archived as europa.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 22nd February 1996; Subject line "[TORG:119] Show'n'tell: Europa - 
  preview of the Nazi reality + PDs".
Magic 10     Social 19     Spirit 12     Tech 21
Law of Suspicion. Same as Cyberpapacy.
Law of Community. Hinders cooperation of more than one cause/group with a 
  +1 to the DN of any interaction during an attempt to work with 'others'.
Law of the Aryan. Difference in laws of physics and magic mean that 
  technology above Tech 19 and magic above Magic 7 from outside Europa 
  are contradictions.

FAERIE - Reality of faeries. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core 
  Earth. By David Johnston.
Archived as faerie.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 7th June 1995; Subject lines "MY Faerie PD" and "MY Faerie PD 
  Part 2"
Magic 22     Social 7     Spirit 0     Tech 7
Law of Timelessness. Effects of passage of time suspended.
Law of Correspondence. Areas (and minority types of faeries) change to 
  match the nature of predominant type of faerie in that area.
Law of Mortality. Faeries treated as p-rated in combat; p-rated faeries 
  subtract 1 wound from injuries.

FLAMBERG - Antisocial reality. This cosm is a satire of mindless 
  crossposting and flamewars. By David Wood.
Archived as flamberg.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 17th March 1996; Subject line "FLAMBERG (Already?!)".
Magic 9      Social 2     Spirit 6     Tech 23 (27)
Law of Athletes Mouth. All Charisma rolls except Taunt a contradiction; 
  Cost of 1 Possibility every second month for SKs or move a point from 
  the above Charisma skills to Taunt or a scientific skill.
Law of Boastful Vaporware. Groups able to Taunt three times as many 
  others as there are in their own group; if successful get the result 
  points used as a bonus for developing Tech above 23 up to 27.
Law of Teamwork. Large groups disallowed; small groups can add more than 
  two points when coordinating on tasks.

FRONTIER - Western reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord 
  (former unnamed). Invading reality. By Robert Maxwell.
Archived as frontier.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 18th February 1992 and 20th February 1992; Subject lines "Western 
  Cosm" and (no subject line) in file Arc-3-92.Z in 
  morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg
Magic 17     Social 17     Spirit 16     Tech 18
Law of the West. Alignment with varying benefits and drawbacks depending 
  on whether character is a White Hat, a Black Hat, a Grey Hat, or a No 
  Hat; Revenge, with same mechanic as Nippon Tech LoVengeance.
Law of Belief. +3 bonus to Persuasion; Belief skill.
Law of Mystical Creation. Magic the main force of creation and destruction.

F'TIPAPETANG - Surreal reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core 
  Earth. Non-human PC races: (effectively everything), arami, bolang, 
  imat, gret, mric-ma-tu, setyrax. By Saxon Brenton.
Archived as ftipapetang.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 4th October 1994; Subject line "F'tipapetang (CE PD)".
Magic 18     Social 28     Spirit 21     Tech 11
Law of Alienation. Strangers to and from this reality feel out of place; 
  ords transform more slowly; strangers look 'wrong'.
Law of Wondrous Panoramoa. Landscapes will be bizarre; landscapes may 
  be mutable with distance.
Law of Subjectivity. That which is observed is real for the observer; 
  local laws; True Selves.

GAIA - Planetary ecosystem as primal god reality. Parody of name of 
  proposed post-Torg 'Storm Lords' RPG. By Daiajo Tibdixious.
Posted 24th July 1996; Subject line "[TORG:2650] Storm Lords :)".
Magic 9     Social 7     Spirit 25     Tech 20
World laws same as Core Earth.

GEOS - Superstition reality. This cosm is based on the world described 
  by the Gaunt Man in the novel _Interview with Evil_. By Saxon Brenton. 
Archived as geos.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Magic 14     Social 18     Spirit 4     Tech 25
Occult. Magic at 25; skills: Occult.
Law of Superstition. Random superstitions made real; bad and good luck.

GERMANY - Humorous interpretation of Germany. Fringe reality of Core 
  Earth. By Colin Wynne.
Archived as germany.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 18th January 1995 under subject line "Germany: A New Cosm".
Magic 8     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 22
Law of Inconvenience. No product or service available at maximally 
  efficient or convenient form; Crowd Navigation skill.
Law of Exclusion. One cannot join a group after it has formed; +2 penalty 
  for interacting with a non-member of one's group; +2 bonus for actions 
  related to the goal of hierarchical groups; exceptions to all above for 
  sports groups and especially drinking; penalty got non-Germans to 
  understand Germans.
Law of Paradox. Procedures limited to Tech 21.

HARDUNATHE - Dark fantasy reality. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. 
  Non-human PC races: orcs (majority), dwarves, elves, others possible. 
  By Corinth (James T Gleason).
Archived in hardunathe.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 26th Feb 1996, 27 Feb 1996, 29th February 1996, 5th March 1996 and 
  6th March 1996; Subject lines "[TORG:147] Hardunathe v3.0, Part Zero
  (Overview)", "[TORG:156] Hardunathe v3.0, Part One(Axioms)", "[TORG:183] 
  Hardunathe v3.0, Part Two(World Laws)", "[TORG:232] Hardunathe v3.0, 
  Part Three(High Lord)", "[TORG:252] Hardunathe v3.0, Part Four
  (Mechanics and Miscellania)".
Magic 18     Social 15     Spirit 16     Tech 13
Law of Competence. Encouragement of competence; restricted skill 
  distribution for starting characters; point break for tag and required 
  skills; tougher penalties on unskilled activities.
Law of Supremacy. Confrontation to ascertain the one way of doing anything.
Law of Resonance. Leaders grow to become personifications of their lands 
  and get bonuses because of it.

'HIGHLANDER' - Adaptation of 'Highlander' movies. Cosm. By Daniel Macchia.
Posted 25th April 1997; Subject line "[TORG] RE: [TORG] Highlander cosm?".
Magic 6/2     Social 21/22     Spirit 12/11     Tech 23/27
(split represents Highlander / Highlander 2 duality)
Law of Immortality. Some people born immortal, and cannot die unless 
  head removed from body.
Law of the Quickening. Quickening is the power granting immortality and 
  associated abilities. Adds in Quickening 'skill' (Spi based) can never 
  be higher than Reality adds, and give a +1 bonus to Melee Weapons 
  (Sword) per add; Detection of other immortal; Quickening gathered from 
  dead immortals with a Quickening total, with one add of Quickening and 
  one Possibility gained per level of success.

HIVEWORLD - Rigidly structured utopian reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness 
  Device and High Lord. Invading reality with realm on Core Earth. By 
  John Baker.
Archived as hiveworld.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 2nd June 1994; Subject line "HiveWorld".
History posted 11th May 1996 and 25th May 1996; Subject lines 
  "[TORG:1497] the History of the Hive, part 1 (long)" and "[TORG:1832] 
  The History of the Hive, part 2".
Magic 13     Social 28     Spirit 2     Tech 28
Law of Artificiality. Everything either a living being, an artificial 
  item, or plasma; dead organics decay into plasma rapidly.
Law of the Net Mind. Loyal citizens may read others' minds, use 
  Faith (the Hive) against total of Willpower and distance value.
Law of Order and Chaos. Actions affirming society are orderly and become 
  easier, while actions against society are chaotic and become harder.

HOLLYWOOD - Entertainment reality. This fringe reality of Core Earth with 
  realm on Core Earth is a humorous version of Hollywood. By Del Webb.
Archived as hollywood.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 10th June 1994; Subject line "A new pocket dimension (humor)".
Magic 24     Social 19     Spirit 4     Tech 24
Law of Artificiality. Nothing is natural, either physical or mental; 
  +3 bonus to memorised actions, -3 penalty to non-memorised actions.
Law of Vapid Good Looks. Good looks at the cost of low intelligence; 
  Charisma enhancement packages.
Law of Temporary Heroism. All people are ords; temporary gaining of 
  Reality skill when being filmed.

IDEAL - Cartoon reality. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. Non-human 
  PC race: various cartoons. By Dave Oakes.
Archived as ideal.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 16th June 1994; Subject line "ideal (pocket) cosm (LONG!)".
Magic 21     Social 21     Spirit 28    Tech 0
Law of Karma. Balance of Good and Evil weighed towards good; GM controlled 
  possibilities used to help Good characters who deserve it; Karma skill; 
  Instant Karma penalty of +3 to +5 penalty to DN or unprovoked harm to 
  another.
Law of Ideal. Gives physical form to concepts and makes thought and 
  reality synonymous; WL derived abilities: Ideal body, Have Object, Be 
  There.
Law of Comedy. Flexible WL retailored by the High Lord for every invasion.

ILLITHICAR - Conspiracy reality. This cosm is based on the world 
  mentioned, very briefly, in the Tharkold sourcebook. By John Biles (The 
  Red Ghost).
Archived as illithicar.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Magic 15     Social 22     Spirit 15     Tech 26
Law of Intrigue. Same as Nippon Tech.
Law of Coincidences. Are no coincidences; coincidence inspired theories 
  become true if believed in.
Law of Scepticism. +8 bonus to Willpower of scepticism if unusual events 
  haven't been experienced; +3 penalty to any activities that go against 
  accepted worldview.

INTUNDIVEL - Pain reality. Cosm. By Daiajo Tibdixious.
Archived as intundivel.gz ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 22nd May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1793] Cosm of Pain ".
Magic 16    Social 6     Spirit 22     Tech 4
Law of Pain. Damage table reversed between ord and p-rateds; damage can't 
  be reduced by p-point expenditure, although unconsciousness can be 
  avoided; Pain Levels for dealing with pain.
Law of Life. Life Force semi-independent of matter, and its use for 
  draining (vampirism) or healing; possibility awards rare and must be 
  earned by defeating an opponent.
Law of Unescapability. Leaving this reality is difficult, takes time, and 
  attracts the attention of its inhabitants who will attempt to stop the 
  escape.

KADANDRA - Cyber reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the world seen 
  briefly in the novels _Storm Knights_, _The Dark Realm_, and _The 
  Nightmare Dream_. By Michaael Cantrell.
Archived as kadandra.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 19th January 1994; Subject line "Re: Kadandra and Trilogy 
  Characters?".
Magic 2     Social 25     Spirit 5     Tech 26
Law of Technological Dominance. Tech up to Tech 30; skills: Science 
  (Reality), Scholar (Cosm Theory), Cyberpsyche.
Law of Denial. +3 bonus against "irrational" activities like magic 
  and miracles.
Law of Prodigy. Same as Core Earth.

LIVING LAND - Reinterpretation of Living Land world laws. By Jim Ogle. 
Archived as liv land.law in ftp.cs.pdx.edu/pub/frp/torg
Archived as living.land.wlaws in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg/cosms
HTML version at http://
Deep Mist. Visibility reduced; scrambles magnetic fields so compasses 
  don't work; +5 penalty to non-LL natives for Survival skill.
Love of Lanala. +3 bonus to life affirming actions; +1 bonus to life 
  preserving actions when character is experiencing sensations in a 
  dangerous situation; dead things decay rapidly.
Law of Life. Intense sensations rewarded with religious experience 
  capable of religious conversion; living beings will be separated from 
  their non-living possessions.

LIVING LAND - Reinterpretation of Living Land world laws. By Bruce 
  Patrick Chapman.
Posted 12th April 1993; Subject line "Proposed Living Land World 
  laws-again".
Law of the Lost. Visibility reduced; scrambles magnetic fields so 
  compasses don't work; separation of living beings from non-essential 
  non-living items; misplacement of areas; indeterminacy of plotlines; 
  Connection cards for both people and places.
Law of Spiritual Power. Easier to create invocations, invocations last 
  longer.

NOVA ROMA - Reality of Land Below Romans. Domed world of the Land Below 
  pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core Earth. By Terence Wynne. 
Archived as nova.roma.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 19th March 1994; Subject line "Romans".
Magic 12     Social 8+     Spirit 17     Tech 10
Law of Wonders. Same as Land Below.
Law of Savagery. Same as Land Below.

OCEANIA/EURASIA/EASTASIA - Totalitarian reality. This cosm is an 
  adaptation of George Orwell's novel _1984_. Has a Darkness Device and 
  three High Lords (latters unnamed). Invading reality with realm on Core 
  Earth. By Chris Collins.
Archived as 1984.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 7th February 1993; Subject line " "1984" Cosm".
Magic 3    Social 20     Spirit 5     Tech 22
Law of Intimidation. Tests backed by appearance of authority gain +3 
  bonus against ords and +1 against p-rateds.
Law of Hopelessness. Success rare in this bleak world; fewer p-rateds 
  than in other cosms; spending possibilities a contradiction.

OITH - Cartoon reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. 
  Invading reality with a realm on Core Earth. Non-human PC races: 
  various cartoons. By Saxon Brenton.
Archived as oith.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 27th October 1994; Subject line "Oith (+PDs) cartoon reality 
  (1/2)" and "Oith (+PDs) cartoon reality (2/2)".
Magic 13     Social 21     Spirit 10     Tech 21
Law of Humour. That which is funny, works; abilities: Resurrection, 
  Elasticity of form.
Law of Murphy. Things go wrong.
Law of Perseverance. Continuing failures prompts increasing determination. 
Law of Acme Tech. Similar to Weird Science at Tech 33; skill: Acme Tech.

OTHERSIDE - Conspiracy and cynicism reality version of Earth. Cosm. Has 
  a Darkness Device and High Lord. Invading reality with plans for a realm 
  of Core Earth and then every other cosm involved in the Possibility Wars. 
  By Michael Eaton.
Archived as otherside.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 7th May 1992 (4th May 1992); Subject lines "Otherside, Part 
  Three", "Otherside, Part Two", and "Otherside, Part One" in file 
  Arc-5-92.Z in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg
Magic 7     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 23

PEOPLE'S COSM - Maoist reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device and High 
  Lord. By Thratchen (Patrick Flanagan).
Posted 27th Feburary 1996, 29th February 1996, and 5th May 1996; Subject 
  lines "[TORG:158] The People's Cosm", "[TORG:185] The People's Cosm 
  - Axioms and World Laws, Part One", and "[TORG:239] The People's Cosm: 
  Axioms and World Laws, Part Two".
Magic 9     Social 22     Spirit 7     Tech 22
Law of Conformity. 
Mandate of Heaven. 

PRIMUS SYSTEM - Science fiction reality. Cosm. Darkness Device and 
  High Lord unrevealed. Invading reality with a realm on Core Earth. 
  Non-human PC races: ch'Innis, human variants, potentially other aliens. 
  By David Girardot (Phazer).
Archived as pimus.system.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 22nd February 1991 (21st February 1991); Subject line "***NEW 
  COSM::: Primus System" in file Arc-3-91.Z in 
  morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg
Magic 1     Social 20     Spirit 11     Tech 28

ROMAN EMPIRE - Imperial Roman reality. Cosm. Invading reality with 
  a realm on Core Earth, currently on Magna Verita. By Stephen Smoogen. 
Archived as roman.empire.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 12th September 1991; Subject line "Re: Cosm ideas" in file 
  Arc-10-91.Z in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg
Magic 11     Social 13     Spirit 11     Tech 20
Law of Invention. Invention difficult; duplication and improvement 
  main means of advancement.
Law of Technology. Rome's Tech axiom = highest Tech axiom of 
  cosms it's successfully invaded; p-rateds may attempt to raise own 
  Tech axiom; incorporation of world laws of successfully invaded 
  cosm into Rome.

'SAINT SEIYA' - This cosm is an adaptation of the 'Saint Seiya' anime 
  series. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. Invading reality with a 
  realm on Core Earth. By Burton Choinski.
Posted 5th November 1991; Subject line (no subject line) in file 
  Arc-12-91.Z in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg
Magic 11     Social 21     Spirit 19     Tech 22
Law of the Seven Paths. All inhabitants have one of seven alignments 
  ('paths') (Principled, Scrupulous, Unprincipled, Anarchist, Miscreant, 
  Aberrant, or Diabolic - as in Palladium RPGs).
Law of Heroic Will. Principled and Scrupulous path characters have extra 
  will to survive, so may buy off extra damage per possibility.
Law of the Hollow Villain. Diabolic, Miscreant, and Aberrant path 
  characters are hard to hurt but not as robust, so have a +3 bonus to 
  base Toughness but only 3 wound levels.
Law of the Cosms. All powers derived from the cosmos; powers are flashy.

SANTA'S WORKSHOP - Christmas reality. Pocket dimension of Core Earth. By 
  Jim Ogle.
Archived as santas.workshop.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 20th December 1995; Subject line: "Happy Holidays".
Magic 15     Social 29     Spirit 10     Tech 23?
Law of Toys. Enables production of vast numbers of toys at Tech levels 
  superior to that of the reality.
Law of Delivery. Enables delivery of toys all around world in one night.
Law of Good Will Towards Men. (Suspected). Simulates effects of Social 29 
  by discouraging 'evil' actions.

SCIENTOPIA - Scientific utopian reality. Non-invading reality with a 
  realm on Core Earth. By John Field.
Archived as scientopia.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 23rd May 1996; Subject lines "[TORG:1818] Re: Scientopia".
Magic 9     Social 29     Spirit 3     Tech 25
Law of Science. Science is the predominant factor in this reality; magic 
  explained as quantum effect.
Law of Simplicity. Reality is essentially simple, and can be predicted.

SIXTH WORLD - Cyberpunk reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 
  'Shadowrun' RPG. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. By David 
  Haramoto.
Posted 14th October 1994 and 9th January 1995; Subject lines "The Sixth 
  World (ie: The ShadowRun Cosm)" and "Repost: Additions to the Sixth 
  world.......".
Magic 15     Social 22     Spirit 6     Tech 27
Law of Awakening. Magic axiom changes in erratic cycles; triggers latent 
  magical genes of paranatural species.
Law of Intrigue. Same as Nippon Tech.
Law of Incompatibility. Magic and Tech don't mix; penalties for mages 
  using cybernetics [= 1/2 cybervalue]; magic less effective against 
  technological constructs; only mages can use magical constructs; 
  penalties to Cyberdeck Op = total # magical skill adds.

STALAMIN - Furry (anthropomorphic animal) reality. Cosm. Darkness Device 
  and High Lord currently missing. Formerly an invading reality. Non-human 
  PC races: chickarath, hrrkur, jarken, sambali, potentially others. By 
  John Karakash.
Archived as stalamin.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 29th November 1992; Subject line "Furry Cosm (semi-long)".
Magic 15     Social 21     Spirit 15     Tech 21
Law of Specialization. P-rateds may alter their personal axioms at moment 
  of crisis, one rise of 1-4 balanced with one drop of equal amount.
Law of Sanity. The more sane someone is (in touch with the natural world) 
  the more benefits accrue.
Law of Madness. May trade sanity for power.
Law of Hidden Potential. If first attempt at a skill or ability is 
  accomplished with a Spirit roll of 12+ then may purchase that skill 
  immediately for regular cost.

STORM LORDS - Proposal for meta-reality of Torg II.

SUDS - Soap opera reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core 
  Earth. By Saxon Brenton.
Archived as suds.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 16th June 1994; Subject line "Suds. Fringe reality of CE".
Magic 6     Social 19     Spirit 8     Tech 23
Law of Personal Crisis. People suffer problems.
Law of Petty Conflict. People overreact to problems; +1 bonus to verbal 
  attacks, -3 penalty to physical attacks.

SYNERSTRALIA - Totalitarian superhero reality. Cosm. By David Girardot. 
Archived as synerstralia.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Archived as Synerstralia.1.Z in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg/cosms
Archived as Syner.1.hqx in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg/cosms
Magic 2     Social 26     Spirit 0     Tech 26
Law of Indomitable Spirit. Science and reason can never totally dominate 
  human spirit, and will occasionally give way/break down in the face of 
  it; dislike of cyberware; Principle of Technological Depravity.

TECHNOPOLIS - Superhero reality. Cosm. By I. Feinberg (Wally the 
  Intrepid).
Archived as super.torg.1.Z in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg/cosms
  [includes only first 3 parts]
The final post on this world, containing the superpowers, was not 
included in the 'supertorg' collected editions, but was archived February
16th 1993 
under subject line "Superhero cosm 4 - finally (fwd)".
Magic 17     Social 21     Spirit 11     Tech 24
Law of Heroism and Villainy. Good or Evil Inclination for p-rated 
  characters, similar to Terran/Nile LoMorality.
Law of Coincidence. Incredible coincidences; Luck skill.
Law of Transfiguration. Existence of superpowerful beings; near-death 
  situations survived with Spectacular success on Luck roll transfigure 
  individual into superbeing.

TEI PING - Bad martial arts movie reality. Cosm. Invading reality with a 
  Darkness Device and High Lord. By Johnny Nugnug (William C Roeben).
Posted 8th February 1996 and 15th February 1996; Subject lines "MB: New 
  Reality" and "[Torg: 35]".
Magic 12     Social 12     Spirit 17     Tech 13
Clause Of Bad Dubbing. Words do not correspond to mouth movements.
Clause Of Lack Of Diplomacy. Diplomacy unused; eye for an eye justice.
Clause Of Acceptance Of Martial Arts. Martial arts styles are validated 
  if a student acknowledges the styles originator as a master.
Clause Of Pausing For Monologues. In a Dramatic scene any character may 
  make a monologue, once per scene per character.

TEKUMEL - Fantasy reality. This cosm is an adaptation of M. A. R. Barker's 
  'Tekumel' RPG setting. Option of being used as an invading cosm with 
  realm on Core Earth. By Fred Parham.
HTML version at http://ftp.io.com/pub/tekumel/rules/Torg/torg.txt
Posted 4th November 1991 and 6th November 1991; Subject lines "Tekumel, 
  Part 1: Introduction" and "Tekumel axioms and world laws (LONG)" in file 
  Arc-12-91.Z in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg
Magic 18     Social 14     Spirit 20     Tech 25
Law of Divine Intervention. Gods intervene but do not regularly grant 
  miracles; invocations as normal, but all miracles save Ritual of Hope 
  and Purification are contradictions.
Law of Decadence. Knowledge of Tech 15+ lost; attempts to investigate 
  Tech 15+ suffer penalties.
Law of Stagnation. Society is unchanging; -3 penalty to attempts at new 
  things; spell casting on the fly a contradiction.
Law of Planar Power. Magic relies on extradimensional forces; variability 
  of contact with extradimensional forces may give penalties or bonuses 
  to magic; extradimensional forces dissipated by metal; casting spells 
  by mind power alone.

TEXARCANE - Western reality. By David Johnston.
Archived as texarcane.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 31st May 1994; Subject line "TexArcane".
Magic 10     Social 10     Spirit 11     Tech 19
Law of Challenge. Strangers represent a threat to local 'pecking order' 
  and cause dissension.
Law of Undeath. Dead who have 'unfinished business' become ghosts.
Law of Tension. +3 bonus to Intimidate and Test, +6 bonus to Intimidation 
  and Test for ghosts dealing with the living.

THARIOK - High tech spiritual reality. Has a Darkness Device and High 
  Lord. By Garrett Taylor.
Posted 22nd July 1996; Subject lines "[TORG:2575] COSM: Thariok (1/4)", 
  "[TORG:2580] COSM: ThariokRules (2/4)", "[TORG:2579] COSM: 
  ThariokReligion (3/4)", "[TORG:2575] COSM: ThariokNanoTech (4/4)".
Magic 1     Social 23     Spirit 26     Tech 28
Law of Patience. Natives have extended lifespans; natives affected by 
  Flurry or Haste take only one action, with a +3 bonus to related action 
  in next round; option to defer a Conflict line event.
Law of Interconnection. A Subplot card must be related to other Subplots 
  or be 'cashed in'; +1 bonus to skills used to find connections; link of 
  spiritual and tech to create SpiritTech skill.

'THIEVES' WORLD' - Fantasy reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 
  'Thieves' World' anthology series. By Kansas Jim (Jim Ogle).
Posted 11th June 1996; Subject line "[TORG:2090] "Thieves' World" cosm 
  (preliminary)".
Magic 15     Social 12     Spirit 14     Tech 11
Way of Magic. Magic is not available to all; magic difficult to learn, 
  which encourages specialisation; some magical traits in some bloodlines.
Law of Curses. Magic and miracles easier to use if applied as a curse.
Way of the Gods. Covers creation and manifestation of gods.
Obi-Wan World Law. Good people in minority; effects similar to other 
  'negative' WLs.

THULE - Heroic Teutonic reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of 
  Europa. By Saxon Brenton. 
Archived in europa.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 22nd February 1996; Subject line "[TORG:119] Show'n'tell: Europa - 
  preview of the Nazi reality + PDs".
Magic 16     Social 10     Spirit 17     Tech 9
Law of Action  Same as Nile, Terra, and Land Below.
Law of Blood. Aryans born in or physically transformed to this reality 
  gain bonus 1 attribute point, all other races loose the same amount; 
  physical transformation occurs on a roll of 1-5.

TIR NAN OG - Reality of faeries. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of 
  Core Earth. By Jasyn Jones.
Archived as tir.nan.og.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 16th May 1995; Subject line "MB: Tir nAn OG".
Magic 18     Social 7     Spirit 18     Tech 8
Law of Light and Dark. Most beings aligned with either Light or Dark, and 
  usually (but not always) have Honour or Corruption adds and skills as a 
  one case contradiction.
Law of Shadow. Non-alignment with Light or Dark; Shadow Mastery skill 
  useable once per scene; immunity to alignment.
Law of Wonders. Random mutability of area and inhabitants.
Law of Peril. Non-Natives must make Reality check to escape dimension.

TOON REALM - Alternate cartoon world laws. By Clay Luther.
Posted 1st August 1990; Subject line "Torg TOON" in file Arc-9-90.Z 
  in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg/cosms
Law of Comedy. Setback to opponent or self for 1 possibility; Monologue 
  for 1 possibility, humorous actions earn 1 possibility.
Law of Endurance. Reduction of damage without spending possibilities; 
  return from death to KOed for 1 possibility.
Schticks. Schticks at adventure cost of 1 possibility each.

'TWIN PEAKS' - Mystical reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 'Twin 
Peaks' series. Has a Darkness Device. By Jason McDonald.
Archived as twin.peaks.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 16th February 1993; Subject line "Twin Peaks the Cosm".
Magic 9      Social 21     Spirit 10     Tech 23
Law of Secrecy. Each character has at least one dark secret capable of 
  disrupting their life; more than one dark secret gains possibility award.
Law of Duplicity. Attempts to hide one's dark secret gains +3 bonus to 
  Charm, Trick, and Persuasion; adventures should be cyclic; doubles of 
  people; reasons for events go beyond the obvious and explicable 
  publicly held explanations.

WASTELAND - Post apocalypse reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality 
  of Core Earth. By Jeremy Morris.
Archived as wasteland.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 21st August 1995; Subject line "MB: Wasteland Cosm - Ideas anyone".
Magic 7     Social 8     Spirit 5     Tech 26
Law of Radiation. Attribute packages and mutant powers at cost of 
  deformities and debilitated attributes.
Law of Technological Regression. Only items to Tech 15 may be made.

WEIRD - Paranormal reality. Cosm. Option of having a Darkness Device and 
  High Lord. Non-human PC types: fairy, gargoyle, vampire, werewolf. By 
  Ron Lundeen.
Archived as weird.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 6th December 1994; Subject line "WEIRD".
Magic 11     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 23
Law of the Veil. Division between normal people and Unnaturals, and 
  between Unnaturals; normals can't accept paranormal explanations; all 
  intelligent beings either Folk (normals) or Entity (Unnaturals).
Law of Curses. Curses applied by Spi total against appropriate attribute.
Law of Confrontations. P-rateds come into contact or conflict with 
  paranormal more than ords.

WINN DIXIE - Supermarket reality. This pocket dimensional fringe reality 
  of Core Earth with a realm on Core Earth is a humorous version of the 
  Winn Dixie supermarket chain. By Daniel Macchia.
Archived as winndixie.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 22nd July 1994; Subject line "JOKE POCOSM".
Magic 3     Social 19     Spirit 6     Tech 22
Law of Willing Transformation. Both ords and p-rateds able to transform 
  to Winn Dixie reality by accepting it.
Law of Incompetence. Incompetence rewarded, conflict (physical or 
  interaction) with same skill temporarily raises lower of two values 1 
  add above the other; competence penalised, skill value of 13+ suffers 
  +2 penalty to DN.
Law of Backstock. Varying odds of finding items in stock room that is not 
  in main store.
Law of Pointless 4th World Law. One person will be agitated when entering 
  a Winn Dixie store.

WORLD OF THE DJINN - Djinn reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality 
  of Core Earth. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th December 1994; Subject line "The Wolrd of the Djinn".
Magic 30     Social 9     Spirit 1     Tech 2
Law of magic. Attribute levels of 15; magical enhancement packages; at 
  birth gain 2 magic skill adds and 4 arcane knowledge adds.
Law of Dissolution - Matter degrades totally, losing 1 point of TOU per 
  minute; energy degrades partially.
Law of Local Order - Sentient beings generate an area that protects 
  against LoDissolution.

XANTH - Fantasy reality. This pocket dimensional fringe reality of Core 
  Earth is an adaptation of Piers Anthony's 'Xanth' series. By Saxon 
  Brenton.
Archived as xanth.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 17th July 1994 (16th July); Subject line "Xanth v.1 (long)".
Magic 22     Social 10     Spirit 2     Tech 12
Law of Puns. Puns physically makeup the environment; puzzles; +3 bonus to 
  non-violent solutions.
Law of Observation. Same as Aysle.
Law of Universal Magic. Everyone and everything magical; magic talents; 
  species can magically evolve in just a few generations; different 
  species can viably interbreed.
Law of Obligations. Either Honourable or Corrupt.
Division of Conspiracies. Population divided into Adult vs. Juvenile 
  Conspiracies and Male vs. Female Conspiracies.

B) iii) SUMMARISED REALITIES
Reminder: follow-ups to the original post may prove useful.

00 - James Bond reality. This fringe reality of Core Earth is an adaptation 
  of the 'James Bond' films and novels. By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Magic 7     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 23
Law Of Gadgets. Facilitates technological wonders; P-rateds may use tech 
  at up to two Tech levels higher than they would otherwise be able to.
Law Of Shooting & Shagging. Like the Nile Law of Action; generally 
  aggressive actions like explosions, gunplay and romance are enhanced.

AGARTHA - Inscrutable Oriental mystic meddlers reality. Pocket dimensional 
  fringe reality of Europa. By Saxon Brenton.
Archived in europa.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 22nd February 1996; Subject: "[TORG:119] Show'n'tell: Europa - 
  preview of the Nazi reality + Pds".
Magic 5ish     Social 22     Spirit 19ish     Tech 26+

AL_____[Land of Adventure] - Arabian Nights reality. By Ben Acosta. 
Reposted 3rd January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Various sketch 
  realities.
Magic 20     Social 18     Spirit 19     Tech
Law of Action. Same as Nile Empire.
Law of Drama. Same as Terra/Nile Empire
Law of Wits. +3 bonus to Trick, Test, Taunt, and any other interaction 
  needing cunning and wits.

'BLACK COMPANY' - Fantasy reality. This cosm is an adaptation of Glen 
  Cook's 'The Black Company' series. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord 
  (both undescribed). Invading reality with a realm on Core Earth. By 
  Eric Nelson.
Posted 1st April 1992; Subject line "Re: just keeps going and going..." 
  in file Arc-5-92.Z in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg/cosms
Magic 18     Social 18     Spirit 1-3     Tech 15
Law of Magical Transformation. Increasing magical knowledge results in 
  decreasing humanity.
Law of Names. Uttering the True Name of a wizard in his presence drains 
  him of all magical skills (but not arcane knowledges).
Law of Movement. Magical movement difficult, magical teleportation 
  impossible.
Law of the Comet. Appearance of comets prompts changes to political 
  power structures.
Law of Domination. Regular appearance of world-enslaving 
  'Great Evil' every 2,000 years.

CARTOON PHYSICS - Alternate cartoon world laws (not originally devised 
  for Torg). By Dan Flasar.
Posted 1st October 1991; Subject line "Toon Cosm".
Cartoon Law I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until 
  made aware of its situation.
Cartoon Law II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until 
  solid matter intervenes suddenly.
Cartoon Law III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a 
  perforation conforming to its perimeter.
Cartoon Law IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories 
  is greater than or equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it 
  off the ledge to spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it 
unbroken. Cartoon Law V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
Cartoon Law VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at 
  once.
Cartoon Law VII. Certain bodies can pass through solid walls painted to 
  resemble tunnel entrances; others cannot.
Cartoon Law VIII. Any violent rearrangement of feline matter is 
  impermanent (cartoon cats have more than 9 lives).
Cartoon Law IX. Everything falls faster than an anvil.
Cartoon Law X. For every vengeance there is an equal and opposite 
  revengeance.
Cartoon Law Amendment A. A sharp object will always propel a character 
  upward.
Cartoon Law Amendment B. The laws of object permanence are nullified for 
  "cool" characters.
Cartoon Law Amendment C. Explosive weapons cannot cause fatal injuries.
Cartoon Law Amendment D. Gravity is transmitted by slow-moving waves of 
  large wavelengths.
Cartoon Law Amendment E. Dynamite is spontaneously generated in 
  'C-spaces' (spaces in which cartoon laws hold).

COMICTOWN - British comic book reality. Pocket dimensional (?) fringe 
  reality Core Earth. By John Field. 
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)"
Magic 4     Social 24     Spirit 6     Tech 22
Law of Stereotype. People conform to simplistic one-dimensional 
  stereotypes and easily recognisable features to match.
Law of Schticks. Characters can have bizarre abilities and/or items; 
  Schtick ability.
Law Of Childish Perspective. Comictown is generally childish in nature: 
  everything seems to lead into a humorous comic-style adventure.

COSM OF THE FINAL WORLD - Nemesis reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device 
  and High Lord. By Scott Hurley.
Posted 3rd January 1995 under subject line "Repost: Various sketch 
  realities".
Magic 5     Social 23     Spirit 3     Tech 26
Law of Inspiration.
Law of Final reality.
Law of Transcendence.
Law of Unknown.

DANORIA - Invading reality. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. By Dan 
  Macchia.
Magic 23     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 23
Rule of Dan. Anything is possible, such that there will always be at 
  least one exception to an impossible situation.
Law of Banners. Banners and anthems are vital to moral.
Law of Luck. Higher personal luck factor decreases chances of random 
  bad events and increases chances of random good events at individual 
  level.
Law of Randomness. Events take wild random twists.

DEATH'S DOMAIN - Home of Death. Adaptation from Terry Pratchett's 
  'Discworld' series. Pocket dimension of Discworld. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Magic 19     Social 20     Spirit 22     Tech 16
Law of Chaotic Whimsy. GM can break rules for a good joke; general 
  weirdness.
Law of Resonances. Situations and places reminiscent of other worlds; 
  reality is Dominant rather than Pure.
Law of Conservation of Reality. +3 penalty to general magic use, +3.
  penalty for non-Impressed magic use; no magical enhancement packages.
Law of Belief. Gods and anthropomorphic personifications dependent on 
  belief; latter don't need support from Magic axiom.

DISASTER COSM - Disaster reality. This cosm is a humorous version of 
  disaster movies. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord (former unnamed). 
  By Colin Wynne.
Posted 10th November 1992; Subject line "A New Cosm!!! (read in Price 
  is Right voice :)".
Magic 7     Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 23
Law of Mishap. If total of number of passengers on transportation + bonus 
  number is greater than value of distance travelled, then disaster will 
  strike.
Law of Cataclism. Rise in Spi axiom to 21 for invocations resulting in 
  natural disaster.
Law of Horrific Creatures. Modified local axioms to support rampaging 
  monsters.
Law of Involvement. All SKs always have Personal Stake subplot, using 
  Romance subplot if necessary; -2 or +2 possibility bonus depending on 
  how well subplot handled.

DOOM - Violent reality. This pocket dimensional fringe reality of 
  Tharkold resembles the 'Doom' computer game. By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Magic 16     Social 5     Spirit 5     Tech 26
Law of Vilernce. Unlike other world laws which merely generate violence, 
  violence is the primary way of life, the be-all and end-all of existence.
Law Of Mazes. Maze-like architecture instead of sensible layouts.
Law Of Equipment. Medicine packs, ammo and so forth are improbably 
  scattered throughout the reality.

DULLSVILLE - Boring reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Oith. 
  By Saxon Brenton.
Archived in oith.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 27th October 1994; Subject line "Oith (+PDs) cartoon reality (2/2)".
Magic 14     Social 23     Spirit 11     Tech 24
Law of Cooperation. Same as Lereholm.
Law of Rationality. -1 penalty to frivolous and irrational behaviour.
Law of Dull. Non-natives perceive this world as boring; must roll 
  Willpower against DN 12 or grow bored with activities lasting more than 
  one round, with -2 penalty to such activities.

DUNGEON DIMENSIONS - Non-realities. Adaptation from Terry Pratchett's 
  'Discworld' series. Fringe non-realities of Discworld. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Axioms and world laws not applicable.

DUNMANIFESTIN - Home of Discworld gods. Adaptation from Terry Pratchett's 
  'Discworld' series. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Discworld. By 
  Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Magic 4     Social 7     Spirit 22     Tech 11 [?]
Law of Chaotic Whimsy. GM can break rules for a good joke; general 
  weirdness.
Law of Resonances. Situations and places reminiscent of other worlds; 
  reality is Dominant rather than Pure.
Law of Belief. Gods and anthropomorphic personifications dependent on 
  belief; latter don't need support from Magic axiom.
Law of Divine Self-Absorption. Little attention paid to the needs of 
  mortal worshippers.

EARLHAM COLLEGE - Educational reality. This alleged cosm (actually a 
  fringe reality of Core Earth with a realm on Core Earth) is a humorous 
  version of Earlham College. By Isaac Sher.
Posted 27th October 27th 1992; Subject line "The Cosm of Indianna and 
  Earlham College" in file Arc-11-92.Z in 
  morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg
Magic 6     Social 22     Spirit 11     Tech 23
Law of Interpersonal Relationships. Relationships are complicated and 
  strange; Romance cards must be played, earning 2 possibilities per Act.
Law of Occupied Time. Heavy workloads at expense of social life; lose 1 
  possibility each Act that doesn't include study.
Law of Hypocritical Acceptance. Some people try to disguise fact that 
  some things bother them.

EARTH(?) - Sitcom reality. By Ben Acosta.
Reposted 3rd January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Various sketch 
  realities".
Magic 20     Social 25     Spirit 18     Tech 24
Law of Marvels. Weird science at Tech 33.
Law of Comedy. Subplots tend to be comedic; some subplots may 
  contain solution to main plot problem; +3 bonus to Taunt, Test, 
  and Trick if action funny; +3 bonus to Persuasion if 
  deception helping others fix a problem.
Law of Status Quo. Situations tend to return to "normal", unless 
  LoRevamping intervenes; nothing just changes slowly over time.
Law of Revamping. Some situations may change radically.

EROS - Sex reality. Cosm. Has a Darkness Device. By Jim Ogle.
Reposted 3rd January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Various sketch 
  realities".
Axiom update posted 16th June 1997; Subject line "[torg] The Eros Cosm".
Magic 9     Social 21?     Spirit 5?     Tech 28
Law of Sex. -3 penalty to Mind or Willpower for character interactions 
  with attractive people; +3 bonus to Charm and Persuasion for come-on 
  lines; +1 bonus to anything (other than character interaction) that 
  could lead to sex.
Law of Normal Life. Essential non-sexual activities continue even when 
  everyone has goofed off.
Law of Similarity. People seem similar to one another.

FAIRYLAND - Home of Sidhe elves. Adaptation from Terry Pratchett's 
  'Discworld' series. Cosm. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Magic 13     Social 7     Spirit 3     Tech 7
Law of Glamour. Elves get effective improvement to 14 for CHA and to 13 
  for other interactions skills. Non-elves get -1 penalty to resisting 
eleven use of enhanced attributes and skills.
Law of Timelessness. Temporal duration does not allow experience; 
  improving skills costs five times as much as normal.

GEO - Gaia reality. This cosm (conquered by Tharkold) is an (exaggerated) 
  example of the Gaia theory. By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Magic 6     Social 0     Spirit 8     Tech 3
Law of Oneness. All the cosm was part of Geo, the sentient planet.

GAIA - This cosm is an adaptation of 'World of Darkness'. By Ben Acosta. 
Reposted 3rd January 1995 under subject line "Repost: Various sketch 
  realities".
Magic 20     Social 13-19?     Spirit 22     Tech 26
Law of Corruption. Variant.
Law of Redemption.
Law of Secrecy.

HELL - A home of Discworld demons. Adaptation from Terry Pratchett's 
  'Discworld' series. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Discworld. By 
  Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Magic 16     Social 11     Spirit 9     Tech 14
Law of Chaotic Whimsy. GM can break rules for a good joke; general 
  weirdness.
Law of Resonances. Situations and places reminiscent of other worlds; 
  reality is Dominant rather than Pure.
Law of Belief. Gods and anthropomorphic personifications dependent on 
  belief; latter don't need support from Magic axiom.
Law of Tradition. Activities limited to those that are traditional.

HIVE - Ant colony reality. Cosm (conquered by Takta Ker). By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Magic 3     Social 29     Spirit 13     Tech 1
Law Of Organisation. Any group acting in concert gets a bonus of the 
  Power Push of their number whether they made their co-ordination roll 
  or not.
Law of Hive Structure. Hive consisted of a huge 3D colony, that managed 
  to produce sufficient food and water for the ants and stopped the hive 
  collapsing.

HOLY WOOD - Hollywood reality. Adaptation from Terry Pratchett's 
  'Discworld' series. Invasive/parasitic reality. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Axioms: Uses the axioms of the realities it invades, but usually requires 
  Social 12 and Tech 20.
Law of Mass Appeal. Willpower or Mind roll against DN 13 for severity of 
  infatuation with Holy Wood entertainment industry; speeds up 
  transformation rates one step.
Law of Action. Same as Nile Empire, Terra, and Land Below.

LAND OF FICTION - Fictional reality. Invading reality. Has a Darkness 
Device and High Lord. By Michael James Dethlefs.
Reposted 9th January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Land of Fiction".
Magic 20     Social 24(?)     Spirit 21     Tech 33
Law of Truth in Fiction. Writing oneself into a story may turn one into 
  a fictional character.
Law of Fickle Finger of Fate. Possible influence of chance.
Power of the Storywriter. Strongest will can influence the storyline.

LAND OF LOST THINGS - Humorous reality of missing objects. Pocket 
  dimensional fringe reality of Takta Ker. By Dan Macchia.
Posted 2nd May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1067] Re: The Land Of Lost 
  Things (was: erosion)".
Magic 0     Social 10     Spirit 22     Tech 12
The Law of Socks. Creates dimthreads to any dryer in the cosmverse.
The Law of Finders Keepers. Objects lost are never returned.

L-SPACE - Library reality. Adaptation from Terry Pratchett's 
  'Discworld' series. Fringe reality of Discworld, and allegedly other 
  cosms. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Axioms: Indeterminate, but probably very high.
Law of Chaotic Whimsy. GM can break rules for a good joke; general 
  weirdness.
Law of Consensus Reality. Characters may use own world laws with no 
  contradiction; axioms of L-Space equal to the highest axioms of the 
  realities it connects to; reality is a natural mixed zone.

KAYLISS - Undead reality. Conquered by Magna Verita. By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Magic 10     Social 10     Spirit 0     Tech 3
Law Of The Dead. Dead things manipulate p-energy, and living things do 
  not. Being alive and moving about is contradictory.

MALIGREE'S WONDERFUL GARDENS - Artificial pocket dimensions (cosms?). 
  Proper names unknown. Adaptation from Terry Pratchett's 'Discworld' 
  series. By Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Axioms: Magic probably very high, others variable
World Laws: Unknown

MOOLAMOONGA PARK - Soap opera reality. Resembles poor-quality Australian 
  soap operas. By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Magic 5     Social 23     Spirit 11     Tech 22
Law of Endless Cycles. Astoundingly complex social situations that are 
  quite simplistic in concept and somewhat self-repeating.
Law of Stereotypes. Characters are one-dimensional in personality and 
  either have Hearts of Gold, Hearts of Stone or Hearts of Youth.

MORTAL KOMBAT - Beat-em-up realities. This cosm is an adaptations of the 
  'Mortal Kombat' video game and movies. By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
OUTWORLD - Fringe reality of Mortal Kombat cosm.
Magic 13     Social 10     Spirit 15     Tech 10
Law Of Kombat. Ritual, 3-round combat determines most things in MK 
  reality, and has honour elements.
Law Of Kombos: All p-rateds inside MK reality get bizarre abilities; 
  fighting skills get weirdly enhanced.
Law of Kombat Honour. Characters may hold their own reality and utilise 
  Outworld's without contradiction, as long as they remain honourable; in 
  return, all damage is lessened.
KORE EARTH - Core reality of Mortal Kombat cosm.
Magic 5     Social 20     Spirit 10     Tech 23
Law Of Cheesy & Ludicrous P-Rateds. P-rateds can bend reality limits and 
  can use tools that are normally impossible, becoming munchkin in the 
  process.
Law of Unimagination. People are similar.
Law Of Stereotype. People don't just look the part, they're laughably 
  stereotyped.

NO EXIT - Pseudo-French existential nightmare reality. Pocket dimensional 
fringe reality, probably of Core Earth. By Kevin D Karty.
Archived in crossroads.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 17th December 1994; Subject line "Crossroads".
Magic 0-2     Social 22     Spirit 0-2     Tech 21

[No name known] - Bizarre, incomprehensible reality. Cosm(?). By John 
  Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Axioms: unknown, suspected to all be zero.
World Laws: unknown, possibly humanly ungraspable.

OHIO - This alleged cosm (actually a fringe reality of Core Earth with a 
  realm on Core Earth) is a humorous version of the state of Ohio. By 
  Ashwath Ganesan.
Posted 27th October 1992; Subject line "All hail!".
Magic 3     Social 19     Spirit 9     Tech 23
Law of Boredom. Low Mag axiom results in dull environment; skill: Bore.
Law of Industrial Secularism. No true miracles, instead side effects of 
  faith.

OUR EARTH - Non-cinematic Earth reality. Cosm. By Scott Hurley.
Posted 3rd January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Various sketch 
  realities".
Magic 6     Social 21     Spirit 7     Tech 23
Law of Inertia.
Law of Crisis.
Law of Fulfilment.
Law of Disbelief.

OUR EARTH - Non-cinematic Earth reality. Cosm. By Dan Macchia.
Reposted 3rd January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Various sketch 
  realities".
Magic 6     Social 21     Spirit 8     Tech 23
Law of Reinforcement. What people know is reinforced; time for 
  increasing skills is the number in weeks multiplied by 3 instead of 
  the number in months.
Law of Show Me. People believe only what is supported by what 
  they consider "hard evidence"; +5 penalty to Persuade someone 
  of something opposed to what they believe, requiring 2 or 3 
  successes for permanent change in opinion.

'PARANOIA' - Paranoia reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 
  'Paranoia' RPG. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord (former unnamed).
 By (Kilroy).
Posted 15th September 15th 1991; Subject line "Re; Whats going on...".
Magic low     Social moderate     Spirit moderate     Tech very high
Law of Paranoia. Someone IS out to get you.
Law of Dramatic Action. Boring is bad; boring actions fail on roll of 1; 
  interesting actions get roll again on 1s and 10s; normal people are 
  boring, resulting in mutations.

RABIS - Arabian Nights reality. Cosm. By David Johnston.
Posted 3rd January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Various sketch realities".
Magic 16     Social 11    Spirit 9     Tech 14
Law of Kismet. Arbitrary reverses in fortune; mechanic similar to Nile 
  LoDrama; Wish spells supported by Wish skill.
Law of Storytelling. Skill: Storytelling, roll against listener's Mind 
  to captivate listener, increases "sparking" effect of story seeds by 
  2 levels.

SCRITCH - Stick figure reality. Pocket dimensional fringe reality of Oith. 
  By Saxon Brenton. 
Archived in oith.gz in ftp.shout.net/pub/users/smooge/torg/cosms
Posted 27th October 1994; Subject line "Oith (+PDs) cartoon reality (2/2)".
Magic 7     Social 19     Spirit 15     Tech 21
Law of Scribble. Reality is composed of black and white stick figures.
Law of Chaotic Whimsy. GM controlled use of Law of Humour game mechanics; 
  automatic failure of grim'n'gritty characters in non lethal situations.

SHADOWRUN - Cyberpunk reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 
'Shadowrun' RPG. By Ben Acosta.
Posted 3rd January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Various sketch realities".
Magic 15     Social 22     Spirit 13     Tech 26
Law of Intrigue. Same as Nippon Tech.
Law of Vengeance. Same as Nippon Tech.
Law of Suspicion. Same as Cyberpapacy.
Law of Incompatibility. Magic and Tech don't mix; Mind and 
  Perception decreased by cyber-rating when using magic.

SPACE:1889 - This cosm is an adaptation of the 'Space:1889' RPG. By Jim 
  Ogle and Dave Oakes.
Reposted 9th January 1995; Subject line "Repost: Space:1889".
Magic 3-5     Social 18     Spirit 3-5     Tech 18
Law of Aether. Weird Science at Tech 30; more reliable than Nile/Terran 
  version.
Law of Classes. Differentiates between 'civilised' and 'native' 
  populations; bonuses for appropriate skills.
Law of Planets. Different axioms on different planets, Earth - Tech 18, 
  Mars - Tech 17, Moon - Tech 12, Venus - Tech 8.

STARQUEST - Science fiction reality. This cosm is a humorous adaptation 
of the 'Star Trek' series. By Bruce Patrick Chapman.
Posted 4th May 1993; Subject line "The STARQUEST cosum".
Magic 7     Social 27     Spirit 5     Tech 30
Law of Perfection. All things approach perfection; always one best 
  solution; middle-class North America is the perfect society; humans are 
  the perfect race and gain a 1 bonus possibility per adventure.
Law of Unknown. Will encounter things totally alien to what has been 
  encountered before.

'STAR WARS' - Science fiction reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 
  'Star Wars' movies and RPGs. By Grant Davis.
Posted 8th April 1993 under subject line "Re: Star Wars: The Torg 
  Conversion (working on it anyway...)".
Magic 4/4     Social 20/21     Spirit 19/21     Tech 30/30
(split represents movies, 1st ed. RPG/ Zahn, 2nd ed. RPG duality)
Law of Singular Planetary Features/Behaviour. Planets have dominant 
  geographic feature; races present united fronts.
Law of the Force. Use of Force for miracles; Force Points.
Law of the Dark Side. Evil use of Force Points gains Dark Side adds and 
  possibly Faith (Dark Side).

SUBWAY - Steam transport reality. Has a Darkness Device and High Lord. 
By Johnny Nugnug (William C. Roeben).
Posted 1996; Subject line: "[TORG:1230] Rough Outlines Of New Cosm".
Magic 6     Social 22     Spirit 6     Tech 19
Law of Frustration. Personal desires impeded by professional duties.

TEMPEST - Apocalypse reality. This reality is an adaptation of adventure 
  strip 'Tempest' that appeared in the UK boy's comic Eagle circa 1982/83. 
  By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Magic 7    Social 21     Spirit 9     Tech 23 [Pre accident]
Magic 6/8     Social 12/19    Spirit 8/10     Tech 12/22 [Currently]

TOYLAND - Toy reality. Invading cosm with a Darkness Device and High 
  Lord. By Jeff Campbell.
HTML version at http://members.tripod.com/~armstrr/toyland.html
Posted 7th Apr 1997; Subject line "[TORG] Reboot TORG cosm, Toyland".
Magic -     Social -     Spirit -     Tech -
Law of Frivolity. Toys are fickle and gullible.
Law of Durability. Any damage short of total destruction is non-fatal and 
  can be repaired.

WALDSWORTHER - Pointless reality. Cosm (conquered by Aysle). By John Field.
Posted 5th February 1996; Subject line: "MB: *13* New Realities (!)".
Magic 8     Social 12     Spirit 7     Tech 13
Law of Pointlessness. Any action which has any practical effect is a 
  contradiction.
Law of Axiom Upping. Characters have personal axioms upped to equal 
  Waldsworther's if they were lower.

WHERE THE DRAGONS WENT - Dimension(s) of imagination. Adaptation from Terry 
  Pratchett's 'Discworld' series. Fringe reality(s) of Discworld. By 
  Saxon Brenton.
Posted 12th May 1996; Subject line "[TORG:1523] Discworld 3 of 4".
Magic High     Social Low     Spirit Low     Tech Low
Law of Fantasy. Dragons can do whatever they please.

WHONIVERSE - Science fiction reality. This cosm is an adaptation of the 
  'Dr Who' series. By Timothy Soholt.
Posted 26th March 1992; Subject line "New Cosm Idea" in file 
  Arc-4-92.Z in morticia.cnns.unt.edu/pub/lists/torg
Magic 2     Social 25     Spirit 11     Tech 33
Law Of Brain Over Brawn. +3 bonus when opposing physical combat with 
  intelligence.
Law of Action. Same as Terra/Nile Empire.
Law of Self-Deception.


Saxon Brenton       City Library of the Uni of Technology, Sydney, Australia
The Keeper of the Threshholds of the Infinities and the Cattledog of Universes
saxon.brenton@uts.edu.au    |    as756@yfn.ysu.edu    |    saxonb@mpx.com.au

And remember: Too many realities are barely enough!

