
Here is the final version of the tharkoldu jakatts write-up. It is 
largely the same as was posted earlier; the only significant 
differences are a rise in the Spirit axiom minimums and the support 
of a world law for the enhancement packages. Other changes are 
usually minor tidy-ups. Thanks to everybody who made suggestions.
Saxon Brenton          July 1994

  To start with, here is the original idea that I sent as a rumour to 
Infiniverse back in late '92:
  "News in Los Angeles is that the San Gabriel tribe has a new, and 
highly distinctive, member; a 2.5 metre tall humanoid with a thick 
pelt of green fur. Less certain is where this Jakatt, called Chenrikh, 
came from; since apart from being huge, furry, and having a 
complete lack of cyberware, it has all the physical characteristics of 
a techno-demon. This has earned it the labels "furry demon" and 
"furry Tharkoldu"; names that it has not rejected, but not justified 
with an explanation either.
  "The reaction from the Tharkoldu proper ranges from bemused 
through concerned to enraged; mostly the latter, naturally. It's true 
that there was a techno-demon scholar called Chenrikh who 
specialised in studying the religions of other cosms to find and 
exploit any weaknesses, but the demons refuse to concede that any 
Tharkoldu would embrace Living Land reality, even after losing an 
invoked reality storm. The differences in mindset produced by the 
Cult of the Dominant and Keta Kalles are too great for the theory to 
be credible to them. They also find it difficult to believe that 
Tharkoldu could survive with the low tech/null magic reality of the 
Living Land, because of their biological magic requirements. The 
Tharkoldu scholar who suggested that on a world as possibility rich 
as Earth practically anything could happen, and that Chenrikh could 
have physically transformed so as to need a minimum axiom of 
Spirit 9 rather than Magic 9, has since been torn to shreds.
  "Nevertheless, the Tharkoldu are treating Chenrikh as a serious 
threat, as the latter has taken an active role in the fight against 
Jezrael's invaders in both solo and group attacks alongside the 
Jakatts. Against gangslaves and monsters Chenrikh's methods are 
brutally simple: mash them to a pulp. However, against Tharkoldu it 
prefers to use invoked reality storms. So far its opponents have 
ended up uniformly dead, but these tactics have fuelled speculation 
that Chenrikh is indeed a transformed Tharkoldu, and that its trying 
to create more of its type."

THARKOLDU JAKATTS
-----------------
  The tharkoldu jakatts are a small number of techno-demons that 
have been stormed to Living Land reality, accepted it, adapted to it, 
and survived. They are mainly based with the jakatt teks in Los 
Angeles, and their primary goal is to "save" as many techno-demons 
as possible from being life-negating walking demon-dead. 
Hopefully this will be by converting them to the cause of Life, but 
they'll settle for killing them if necessary. They are not adverse to 
helping save Earth from the other possibility raiders either.
  The story of the tharkoldu jakatts begins with the techno-demon 
Chenrikh. Chenrikh is a veteran of many possibility raids and was a 
specialist in the study of religions of other cosms so that they could 
be neutralised and/or exploited to the tharkoldu's ends. During the 
course of the current invasion Chenrikh was met in combat by a 
storm knight from Takta Ker and stormed to Living Land reality. By 
rights the complete antithesis of Chenrikh's demonic nature and the 
life-affirming nature of the Living Land should have simply caused 
Chenrikh to change realities, and then slowly die in the low tech, 
null magic environment. However, because of its researches 
Chenrikh had just enough comprehension of Keta Kalles to latch 
onto it, desperately, as a stable concept in a totally alien reality.
  The results were... bizarre. Chenrikh lost all of its nasty dead-thing 
cyberware and was transformed into a massive, fur covered parody 
of a tharkoldu - a furry tharkoldu. This transformation has brought 
about a complete change in Chenrikh's outlook on life, and it 
dedicated itself to transforming as many techno-demons into furries 
to save them from being demons. The other jakatt teks in the Los 
Angeles area support the idea. Not only will it make saving the 
Earth from the possibility raiders easier if they can convert the 
enemy to their own side, but they are sure that Lanala will be very 
pleased if they can waken to life dead things that are dead to the 
extent that the techno-demons are.
  These renegade tharkoldu are called many things: furries, furry 
tharkoldu, tharkoldu jakatts, neanderthal tharkoldu, "bloody great 
hairy things" and "wookiees with wings". They are also known as 
demon jakatts and furry demons, although these latter labels are 
misnomers, for the simple reason that they aren't demons anymore. 
Their life-negating demonic nature was an anathema to the theology 
of Keta Kalles, which is dedicated to unity with life. Thus, when a 
tharkoldu is stormed to Living Land reality, accepts it and Keta 
Kalles, and physically transforms to survive, it is changed from a 
demon into a person. Lanala wants all her worshippers to be part of 
one big happy ecosystem.

APPEARANCE
  Tharkoldu jakatts more or less resemble their techno-tharkoldu kin. 
They have no cyberware, average between 2 to 2.5 meters in height, 
and are covered in thick hair except for their faces, hands and feet, 
and wings. For the most part their coloration remains the same, 
although outlandish changes are possible. On a roll of 1-15 on a d20 
there is no change, on a 16-19 their original colour is tinted slightly 
by another hue (free choice), and on a 20+ the colour of the 
tharkoldu's fur can become anything that seems neat (mat black, 
electric blue, bright yellow, shocking pink...).

PERSONALITY AND HABITS
  Tharkoldu act very much like other jakatts - they seek out 
sensations to give to Lanala. Unlike when they were demons they 
are now reasonably sociable, and fight mainly for the sensations that 
fighting brings rather than inflicting pain for pain's sake. However, 
considering the Living Land's low Social axiom, this should not be 
confused with being civilised. They still retain a streak of savagery, 
and this is especially obvious when they fight. In battle they are 
vicious and dangerous killers, and many have exhibited tendencies 
to go berserk. Quite a few retain the opinion that the best thing you 
can do with a human corpse is scavenge it for the tasty bits.
  In the heat of the Living Land furries keep cool in three ways. They 
can spread their wings to catch a breeze and use their wings as heat 
vanes to radiate away the excess heat. They can go swimming, 
which also allows them to keep themselves clean, as they like to 
preen themselves (it isn't the stink of sweaty, smelly fur that worries 
them, but rather the problem they have with fleas). Finally, they can 
go flying up to where the air begins to get chilly and soar around for 
awhile. This latter option is safe only on in the skies above Takta 
Ker.

BIOLOGY
  The transformation into large, hairy, cyberless creatures that are 
people rather than demons is not the only change that they have 
undergone. Another radical metamorphosis is their adaptation to the 
null magic environment of the Living Land. Standard techno-demons 
are highly magical creatures that require a minimum Magic axiom of 
9 to survive. The tharkoldu jakatts have avoided this problem by 
having their metabolisms replace the need for magical energy with a 
need for spiritual energy. Incredible as it seems, they are now 
creatures that require a minimum Spiritual axiom of 11 to survive. 
  This transformation is attributed by the jakatts to direct 
intervention by Lanala. Researchers in Aysle are fascinated and 
excited by the mechanisms and implications of this change. On the 
other hand, rival religions, particularly the Cyberpapists, are using 
it to support their claims that Lanala is the devil, and is reclaiming 
her own.

Breeding
  It had originally been a concern of the jakatt teks that removed 
from the Law of Domination that they would be unable to procreate, 
but after finally managing to distract themselves from the battle with 
the Tharkold realm for long enough to experiment, it appears that 
these fears were unfounded. The tharkoldu jakatts remain 
hermaphrodites, and procreate in much the same way as techno-
tharkoldu do, with the same breeding and gestation cycles.
  The only difference is that since the Law of Domination doesn't 
apply to them any more, they do not need to be in an established 
dominant/submissive arrangement to breed. Who will be the 
gestator and who will be the inseminator is decided on a more or 
less ad hoc basis of whatever seems best at the time. They still 
engage in combat before mating, but apparently this is now merely 
as another sensation, as well as a display of virility, rather than an 
actual biological necessity. 
  It has also become apparent that being a furry is a genetic trait of 
being a new species, and that they are now too different to produce 
offspring with techno-tharkoldu.

Lifeblight
  Lifeblight is a disease suffered by the tharkoldu jakatts that is 
essentially the same as the lightblight suffered by their techno-
demon kin. The jakatts simply call it something slightly different. 
Lifeblight occurs when a furry disconnects into a reality incapable 
of supporting its metabolism or its enhancement packages (i.e., a 
reality with a Spiritual axiom of less than 11, and without Lanala's 
Love of Life, respectively). It also occurs if the tharkoldu transforms 
to a reality with a Spiritual axiom of less than 11 and does not 
physically transform to adapt. Finally, it occurs when a furry cannot 
(or will not) pay the possibilities for the adventure cost of its 
enhancement packages.
  Lifeblight causes the spiritual energies that support the tharkoldu 
jakatt's metabolism to leak from its body as ugly splotches of light, 
much as lightblight causes the magical energies to leak from techno-
demons. Each day that the tharkoldu is affected by lifeblight it takes 
one shock point; the tharkoldu dies when the shock damage equals 
its Toughness. The damage may not be healed until the condition 
causing the lifeblight is removed - either transforming into a reality 
with a Spiritual axiom of 11 or more, reconnecting, or paying the 
adventure cost.

CREATING MORE FURRIES
  Jakatts recruit more furries by storming possibility-rated techno-
demons to Living Land reality. The jakatts have also experimented 
with capturing ord techno-demons, imprisoning them in an area of 
Living Land reality, and waiting to see what happens. They have met 
with only moderate success with the latter so far, since ord techno-
demons tend to disconnect and die long before they transform. Of 
course, with the Living Land's low Social axiom the jakatts aren't 
likely to recognise what the problem is since they have no grasp of 
the concepts of time or probability.
  Even if a possibility-rated being manages to transform another, the 
actual chances of getting a physical transformation are small: the 
standard chance of 1 in 20. Normally the actual chances of getting 
the type of physical transformation desired are even smaller. After 
all, a techno-demon could simply lose its need for magical energy, 
but nothing more. However, for the purposes of these supplementary 
rules, it is assumed that every techno-demon that physically 
transforms to Living Land reality becomes a furry through the direct 
intervention of Lanala. Techno-demons that don't physically 
transform usually simply die, unless their dominant has a special 
need of them that makes it bother to storm the unfortunate demon 
back to Tharkold reality. The jakatts usually kill these tharkoldu 
straight away, while they have no possibilities to defend 
themselves.
  As such the jakatts are expending a lot of energy for small gains 
when it comes to recruiting new members. Fortunately, each 
transformation they force on the techno-demons helps with the war 
effort overall, even if its only by killing another techno-tharkoldu.
  Also fortunately, a very large proportion of those tharkoldu that 
become furries elect to remain with the jakatt teks. This may seem 
surprising considering that many are possibility-rated and almost all 
were initially stormers rather than storm knights. But it seems that 
having been converted to the cause of Life that these tharkoldu have 
no illusions about the ultimate goals of the high lords. As techno-
demons they knew perfectly well what possibility raids were for 
and what the results would be, unlike the inhabitants of other cosms 
who are usually duped by their high lord. Now that these tharkoldu 
worship Lanala they are firmly opposed to the notion of possibility 
raids on general principle.
  Nevertheless, there are a few who choose not to mend their wicked 
ways. Some of these have gone to support Baruk Kaah, and a few 
have even become gotaks. Moreover, with the Saar apparently dead 
Rec Pakken has been considering some of them as a high lord 
contenders. The remainder are either operating on their own or have 
made their way into the Cult of Stalek.

REASONS WHY TECHNO-DEMONS REALLY HATE THARKOLDU JAKATTS.
1) HERESY: The furries have abandoned the ultimate dominant 
Omoo-Zhan for the lizard god Lanala. 
2) NO CYBERWARE: The techno-demons' self image has become 
tied to their use of cyberware, which is why they continue to use it 
long after the Tharkold Magic axiom has been raised and they no 
longer need the LifeCyber magic support system. As such the very 
sight of these hairy monstrosities lumbering about naked without 
cyberware makes most techno-demons' skin crawl.
3) THEY'RE RENEGADES: Techno-demons view any sort of 
renegade who rejects a place in the demon hierarchy under the Law 
of Domination as a dangerous abnormality. The tharkoldu jakatts are 
no exception.
4) SIDING WITH THE SLAVE RACES: By siding against the 
techno-demons they have clearly joined with the monkey-humans 
and other races, all of whom are fit only to be enslaved and used as 
whim dictates.

FURRY CHARACTERS
Enhancement Packages
  Furries gain enhancement packages that harness the power of the 
Spirit axiom channelled through the world law of Lanala's Love of 
Life (page 67 of the Living Land sourcebook) (Alternatively, if 
using Jim Ogle's reinterpretation of the Living Land world laws, the 
packages function under the Love of Lanala world law). The bias of 
this world law towards living for the moment grants the 
enhancement packages as a way of doing more, and thus 
experiencing more sensations.
  They must take three packages of three points each, to be 
distributed whole among any attribute. Since the tharkoldu jakatts 
are often required to try to storm techno-demons to Living Land 
reality in order to increase their numbers it is usual for them to 
boost their Spirit and Reality values more than any other attribute or 
skill. This also helps in using miracles against the physically 
superior techno-tharkoldu.
  The enhancement packages can be paid for in one of two ways. 
The first way is to pay for them with three possibilities at the end of 
each adventure, one possibility per package. Alternatively, a 
character can take a limitation on those attributes that are not 
enhanced, which fixes the unenhanced attributes at 7. These two 
methods of paying for enhancement packages cannot be combined. A 
furry that chooses to pay for its enhancements in possibilities, but at 
some time fails to pay the adventure cost, loses all of its 
enhancement packages until such time as it either can pay the 
possibilities or it dies of lifeblight.
  Similarly, the use of furry enhancement packages and associated 
skills are contradictions in realities with Spiritual axioms of less 
than 11 and/or where Lanala's Love of Life does not function. If a 
furry disconnects then it loses its enhancement package until such 
time as it either fully reconnects or perishes of lifeblight. The 
reconnection must be made four times, once for the character and 
once each for the three enhancement packages.
  Spiritual enhancement packages seem to be racially based (as are 
magical enhancement packages), and in the case of the Living Land 
are apparently the result of creatures with magically supported 
metabolisms swapping to spiritually supported ones. Other races 
may, at the GMs discretion, gain spiritual enhancement packages, 
but this would require divine intervention by an active god in a 
reality with an axiom of at least Spirit 19.

CHENRIKH 
DEXTERITY 11
Dodge 13; Energy weapons 12; Fire combat 12; Flight 13; 
Manoeuvre 13; Melee weapons 12; Stealth 15, Unarmed combat 15
STRENGTH 10 
TOUGHNESS 10 
PERCEPTION 10 (13)
Alteration magic 15; Direction sense 14; Disguise 14; Divination 
magic 17; Evidence analysis 15; Find 14; Scholar (Keta Kalles) 16; 
Scholar (religions, general (see skill notes)) 14
MIND 11
Apportation magic 12; Conjuration magic 12; Survival 13; Test of 
will 13; Willpower 13
CHARISMA 9
Persuasion 10; Taunt 10
SPIRIT 14 (20)
Faith (Keta Kalles) 26; Focus 25; Intimidation 22; Reality (Living 
Land) 26
Possibilities: 27
Equipment: None
Natural tools: Wing strike, STR+7/17, unarmed combat to hit; Bite, 
STR+2/12; Talons, STR+3/13; Wings, speed value 10; Night 
vision, +5 vs. flashattacks.
Skill Notes: Chenrikh has 3 enhancement packages for an adventure 
cost of 3 possibilities.
  The adds in Scholar (religions, general) indicate that Chenrikh has 
studied the major religions of every world that Tharkold has raided 
as well as those currently involved in the Possibility Wars on Earth.
  Arcane Knowledges: entity +1; darkness +1; death +1; true 
knowledge +4
  Spells: Chilling darkness; Find things; Monkey form; Mirror of 
other worlds; Scrying eyes; Summon scholar; Talking dead
  Chenrikh has a yellowy-green pelt. It is the originator of the furry 
tharkoldu race, and has become an optant of Keta Kalles. Chenrikh 
retains its extensive knowledge of other religions, and is something 
of a sage on the subject. Only rarely does it get some of the more 
complex concepts of interpersonal relationships muddled because of 
the low Social axiom of the Living Land. Apparently because of this 
knowledge it seems to have know how to gain access to a large and 
eclectic range of miracles from many faiths. To date it has stayed 
predominantly in the Los Angeles area, and so those miracles that it 
has somehow learnt have come from those faiths that are 
represented in the area, but it has been theorised that if it really 
needed a miracle it would know where and how to be tutored in it. 
Perhaps the most spectacular example of this habit of collecting 
miracles was when, on live television, it used the Race miracle of 
Liberation to free a rampaging mob of gangslaves from techno-
tharkoldu domination. In the stunned aftermath of that event, while 
the techno-demons were still in collective apoplexy, the Race came 
to the tentative conclusion that Chenrikh was able use Liberation 
because of the principle of "my enemies' enemy is my friend". But 
they still haven't figured out who taught it to Chenrikh.
Personality: Wise and serious. Chenrikh works very hard to fulfil its 
responsibilities, and always acts with forethought.
Quote: "I have been brought into the paradise of Lanala from the hell 
of Omoo-Zhan."

GARBAGE GUTS 
DEXTERITY 8 (11)
Dodge 12; Flight 13; Stealth 12; Unarmed combat 12
STRENGTH 11
TOUGHNESS 10
PERCEPTION 11
Direction sense 12
MIND 10
Cooking 15; Test of will 11; Willpower 11
CHARISMA 11
Persuasion 12; Taunt 12
SPIRIT 10 (16)
Faith (Keta Kalles) 18; Focus 17; Intimidation 18; Reality (Living 
Land) 19
Possibilities: 12
Equipment: Small packets of favourite herbs, seasonings and 
condiments; tomato sauce bottle (adds +1 to Intimidation when 
threatening to eat somebody).
Natural tools: Wing strike, STR+7/18, unarmed combat to hit; Bite, 
STR+2/13; Talons, STR+3/14; Wings, speed value 10; Night 
vision, +5 vs. flashattacks.
Skill Notes: Garbage Guts has 3 enhancement packages for an 
adventure cost of 3 possibilities.
  Garbage Guts has a greeny-grey pelt. It is something of a gourmet 
and likes to sample and cook interesting new food dishes. For this 
reason it has no problem using dead things, as long as they are for 
cooking. Its reasoning on this matter is that if something can be used 
to create delicious tastes to give to Lanala, then its acceptable to use 
it even if its a dead thing. Nevertheless, Garbage Guts tries to keep 
this sophistry to a minimum. Despite vigorous exertions that come 
naturally to jakatts, Garbage Guts is slightly pudgy, although it is 
difficult to tell this under all that hair. 
  Garbage Guts is one of the tharkoldu jakatts who are interested in 
travelling beyond the Los Angeles area for reasons other than 
fighting techno-demons. This is only partly because it is interested 
in sampling the cuisine of other countries and realms. Despite 
threats that it might use when Intimidating others, Garbage Guts 
doesn't really eat other sentients.
Personality: Most of the time Garbage Guts acts like a big, amiable 
lunk, and is highly friendly and sociable. In battle it is a savage and 
merciless fighter, yet rarely loses control. Consequently it is a 
cunning and dangerous opponent.
Quote: "Give up the ways of death of the high lords, or I'll eat you."

RED
DEXTERITY 12
Dodge 14; Energy weapons 13; Fire combat 13; Flight 13; 
Manoeuvre 15; Stealth 13; Unarmed combat 18
STRENGTH 12 (15) 
Lifting 16
TOUGHNESS 13 (16)
PERCEPTION 7
Direction sense 9; Tracking 10
MIND 7
Survival 9; Test of wills 9
CHARISMA 7
SPIRIT 10 (13)
Faith (Keta Kalles) 15; Intimidation 14; Reality (Living Land) 16
Possibilities: 13
Equipment: None
Natural tools: Wing strike, STR+7/22, unarmed combat to hit; Bite, 
STR+2/17; Talons, STR+3/18; Wings, speed value 10; Night 
vision, +5 vs. flashattacks.
Skill notes: Red has 3 enhancement packages, paid for with attribute 
limitations to its Mind, Perception, and Charisma.
  Red is a berserker member of the jakatt teks, who is named after its 
deep red pelt, which is the colour of blood.
Personality: Red is brooding and silent most of the time, and is 
something of a loner. While Red revels in sensations for Lanala as 
much as any other jakatt, its favourite method of gaining sensations 
is by fighting, and it can be expected to take part in any raid against 
any of the jakatts' foes, whether they be techno-tharkoldu, 
gangslaves, or Marsec. Chenrikh tries to keep an eye on Red, and 
direct its energies into battles where a berserk furry will do the 
most good - or at least direct it as much as is possible under the low 
Social axiom of the Living Land. Chenrikh might frequently use a 
higher Social axiom, but Red almost never does.
Quote: "Grrr."

TEKLOT 
DEXTERITY 12 (15) 
Dodge 16; Energy weapons 17; Fire combat 17; Flight 16; 
Manoeuvre 16; Unarmed combat 17
STRENGTH 12 (15)
TOUGHNESS 11 (14)
PERCEPTION 10 
Alteration magic 12; Direction sense 11; Divination magic 11; Trick 
11 
MIND 10 
Survival 11
CHARISMA 9
Persuasion 10; Taunt 10
SPIRIT 10 
Faith (Cult of the Dominant) 11; Intimidation 14; Occultech 11; Pain 
weapon 12; Reality (Living Land) 12
Possibilities: 13
Equipment: Pain weapon
Natural tools: Wing strike, STR+7/22, unarmed combat to hit; Bite, 
STR+2/17; Talons, STR+3/18; Wings, speed value 10; Night 
vision, +5 vs. flashattacks.
Skill Notes: Teklot has 3 enhancement packages for an adventure 
cost of 3 possibilities.
Arcane Knowledges: living forces +3; darkness +3; magic +1; fire 
+2
Spells: Abrasion; Altered fireball; Chilling darkness; Pain flip; 
Pleasure flip; Ryggin's steel bands
  Despite being stormed to Living Land reality Teklot has not re-
evaluated its ethical position to become a jakatt tek, but neither did 
it return to its former dominant in the Tharkold realm to be stormed 
back to techno-horror reality. This was because it had been only a 
minor warrior of little use to its dominant, and it justifiably feared 
that it would not be returned to Tharkold reality, but instead treated 
as a freak and killed for sport. Instead Teklot became one of the tiny 
number of tharkoldu jakatts who served Baruk Kaah. It has a 
greyish-brown pelt.
Personality: Teklot is an aggressive and sadistic bully that has no 
scruples about using the greater power its enhancement packages to 
coerce other jakatts. The other jakatts tolerated it out of fear of 
Baruk Kaah, who made good use of it and the few other tharkoldu in 
his camp in his ongoing but losing battle against both the Nippon and 
Tharkold realms. Now that the Saar is apparently dead, Teklot is 
likely to try to carve out his own little empire. It will carefully 
assess the situation before offering its services to whatever new 
high lord Rec Pakken chooses.
Quote: "I don't need the Law of Domination to control you."

NEW MIRACLES
Intercosm Transport
Spiritual Rating: 26
Community Rating: 13
Difficulty: 15
Range: Special
Duration: Instantaneous
Effect: Transports between dimensions.
  This miracle allows the Focus character and those in contact with 
the Focus character (either touching directly or holding hands in a 
ring) to be teleported instantly from one dimension to another. This 
may be between dimensions either in or between cosms. It cannot be 
used to transport directly between two points in the same dimension. 
The Focus character must be familiar with the point of arrival 
(having seen it or been there) for the miracle to function.
  This miracle requires a Spiritual axiom of 26 to function, and so is 
a four-case contradiction even for jakatts in the Living Land. It's 
therefore used only by a small number of possibility-rated beings, 
usually optants. The jakatts use it to take kidnapped ord techno-
demons back to the pure zone of Takta Ker to be held while waiting 
for them to transform, as well as mounting raids on the Tharkold 
cosm. The jakatts were only able to gain a miracle with a spiritual 
rating higher than their Spirit 24 axiom because it was both 
necessary to the war against the techno-demons, fitted so well with 
the basic theology of Keta Kalles, and because a significant number 
of jakatts achieved a successful invocation in asking for it. An 
individual invocation is not sufficient to gain a new miracle for 
regular use if the miracle operates above the character's home 
reality's Spirit axiom, no matter how worthy the cause. The fact that 
the Living Land has such a high Spiritual axiom and that Lanala is 
the dominant mythos there helped make things easier as well.

Disrupt Group
Spirit Rating: 22
Community Rating: 7
Difficulty: 14
Range: 11 (150 meters) radius centred on priest
Duration: 18 (1 hour)
Effect: Lowers Social axiom to 7
  This miracle is similar to its fellow, Kill Technology, in most 
respects save that it lowers the local Social axiom. It creates an 
area 150 meters in radius wherein social concepts and tools above 
Social 7 will be unable to function for one hour. There is no Many-
on-one penalty, so that everybody and everything within that area is 
automatically affected. Erecting a reality bubble will not protect 
against the miracle.
  Jakatts use it to disrupt large groups with sophisticated hierarchies 
or tactics. Those possibility-rated jakatts who can grasp the idea of 
psionics and martial arts find it useful for nullifying those as well.

Null Magic
Spirit Rating: 22
Community Rating: 7
Difficulty: 14
Range: 11 (150 meters) radius centred on priest
Duration: 18 (1 hour)
Effect: Renders all magic in area of effect useless
  This miracle is used by only a few of the jakatts, because at the 
Living Land's Magic axiom of 0 most jakatts can't even comprehend 
what magic is, let alone see the need for a miracle to protect against 
it. As such it is typically used by possibility-rated jakatts and 
optants, especially ones who have encountered magical attacks 
before.
  In almost all respects this miracle is similar to its fellow, Kill 
Technology. It creates an area 150 meters in radius wherein all 
magic above Magic 0 will be unable to function for one hour. There 
is no Many-on-one penalty, so that everything and everybody within 
that area is automatically affected. Magical effects working on items 
or people will resume once they are outside the area of radius. 
Erecting a reality bubble will not protect against the miracle.

Pain Threshold
Spiritual Rating: 14
Community Rating: 9
Difficulty: 10
Range: voice
Duration: Instantaneous
Effect: Causes pain.
  This miracle is similar to Cause Pain, but only inflicts excruciating 
pain, in the form of shock points, with the intent of causing the target 
to lose consciousness. The amount of shock points inflicted is equal 
to the effect value that the Focus character generates. 

Track Techno-Demon
Spiritual Rating: 12
Community Rating: 10
Difficulty: 12
Range: 500 meters from recipient
Duration: 1 day
Ritual length: 30 minutes
Effect: Allows a Jakatt to track a techno-demon by smell.
  This ritual was only recently granted to the jakatts by Lanala to 
meet the specific needs of the furries in finding new techno-demons 
to convert. Other jakatt teks have also taken to using it in their battle 
with the Tharkold realm. The recipient of this miracle has its sense 
of smell highly attuned to the scent of techno-demons (although not 
to the exclusion of other aromas) and can track it by the trail of 
demon-stink it leaves. Tharkoldu jakatts have a radically different 
smell, and those using this miracle cannot confuse the two.
  Unless the demon is currently in range the trail can only be 
followed if it is ground-based. The scent can be picked up over a 
distance, so that if the tharkoldu has used the Pop spell or taken 
flight the trail can be rediscovered if the demon's ground-based trail 
restarts within range. Scents can be followed for a number of days 
after they were laid equal to the results of a successful roll on the 
Power Push Table; if rain has obscured the scent or the demon has 
attempted to mask its trail by non-magical means apply a -3 
modifier.

MIRACULOUS PLANT
Engam Nak
  Engam naks are a type of vine that has recently come into being on 
Takta Ker in much the same way as hrock shoots did - they were 
modified by Lanala in response to a specific need by her followers. 
They are woody vines, yet long and supple, which grow in low beds 
up to 4 meters across. They have many small, almost circular 
leaves, which are greeny-brown. They are used as restraints to hold 
techno-demons. For most beings they are Toughness 4, but are 
Toughness 33 for creatures that are an antithesis to Life (including 
walking dead, techno-demons, and many Orrorshan horrors).

APPENDIX
--------
Newsgroups: alt.games.torg
From: Jim Ogle (Ks. Jim) <jogle@aoc.nrao.edu>
Subject: Furry Tharkoldu exist!!!
Date: Tue Jun 14 18:37:32 1994

This fits things so perfectly I had to post it...I found it on GEnie
last night.

----------
American West
Category 13,   Topic 47
Message 167     Wed Jun 01, 1994
B.CALVIN [BUFO]          at 00:39 EDT

I know I've been promising a new WEIRDNESS IN THE WEST 
listing soon, and it'scoming. I just couldn't let this one wait, though. 
Near Mt. Rainier (actually between Buckley and Camp One, about 
Lake Kapowsin), a local youth had an encounter with a really weird 
creature. He saw it...maybe nine-feet tall, big and furry. It had a face 
kind of like a wolf, but no fangs. It had blue-tinted fur. That would 
all be strange enough, but...he would never forget the way it =flew= 
off!  Yes, it had wings, like big bat-wings. Such a critter is not 
entirely unprecedented: there were the famous Moth Man sightings 
in West Virginia. This one has been given a different name, though: 
"Batsquatch". It may be significant that there were many UFO 
sightings in Moth Man's area...and Mt. Rainier was the sight of the 
UFO sightings that really started the modern era, in 1947.
------------

Nine feet tall, furry, wolf-like face, BLUE fur (Tharkoldu have 
blue skin) and batlike wings - what else could it be but a 
transformed Tharkoldu!

Kansas Jim (jogle@aoc.nrao.edu)

